About Exa Product Development At Exa Product Development, we believe engineering can be a force for good. As an Embedded Software Engineer, you’ll play a key role in developing technologies and products that create a positive impact on people, organisations, and the planet. We take a fresh approach to product development—blending technical expertise with human-centered values to design meaningful solutions. As a Certified B Corporation, we’re committed to responsibility, integrity, and sustainability, ensuring our work drives real-world change. We’re a motivated, accountable, and client-obsessed team of engineers, working across utilities, medical, consumer, and government sectors. Our expertise spans commercial advisory, mechanical, electronics, firmware, and software development—but what truly sets us apart is our collaborative, supportive culture. We challenge assumptions, push boundaries, and take pride in delivering great work for our clients and each other. Join us—let’s build something that matters. About the Role The work is exciting, fast-paced, and varied. You will be a valued member of project teams that have a mix of internal and client team members, contractors, and specialist development partners. You’ll support and advise, both inside and outside of Exa. In a typical week, you may be contributing to proposal generation or project/systems planning, architecting, writing and testing code, collaborating with colleagues through technical review and mentorship, and consulting clients. As an Embedded Software Engineer, you’ll get to work with modern development tools and technologies such a RTOS, embedded Linux, and IoT/Cloud solutions. You will have direct engagement with clients, exposure to full product lifecycle development, and close collaboration with other disciplines – giving you the tools, visibility, and input you need to get the job done. We have a culture of self-management, so, you’ll have a high degree of ownership, flexibility, and accountability in your role. Celebrating your contributions to our team, we offer a generous profit-sharing program. The role will suit engineers who are client-focused, value growth and a team-oriented approach to development, and are excited to contribute to the evolution of Exa’s culture, development tools, processes, and commercial offerings. To be Successful in this Role You Will Value communication and collaboration with diverse internal and external teams Have 5+ years of professional experience in Embedded C OR C++ AND Python Have a high degree of competency in unit testing and the principles of test-driven design Be comfortable contributing to software planning, requirements, architecture, design, testing, reviews Have a Bachelor of Engineering in Software or Electronics, Computer Science, Mechatronics, or a related discipline The Following Skills are Favourable Experience developing medical devices to standards like IEC 62304 and ISO 13485 Experience working with Embedded Linux Knowledge of software architecture and design as it relates to systems engineering Professional experience working with STM32 AND/OR Nordic devices Excited about this role, but not sure if you meet 100% of the criteria? We’d still love to hear from you! Or, check out our 'Electronics Engineer' role, also on Seek. In Return, You’ll Get Generous profit-sharing program and paid Community Volunteer Days Company-wide RDOs on the last Friday of every month, a bonus RDO in December, plus paid Birthday Leave = 14 extra days off per year A hybrid, welcoming, and supportive working environment; we’re proud winners of Smart50 Workplaces 2023 &amp; 2024: ‘Flexibility, Work-life Balance and Hybrid Work’ and WORK180 Equitable Workplace Awards 2025: ‘Pay Equity’ Individual budget and genuine opportunities for professional development and coaching Cutting-edge software, tools, and fully equipped lab with “tools of the trade” 8 Weeks’ Paid Gender-Neutral Parental Leave (12-month waiting period) A modern, dog-friendly office with a quiet room suitable for new mothers Shopping, cafes, trams, and bike trails at our doorstep; shower and towel service, free on-site parking Where You’ll Be A mix of work at home and at Exa's Abbotsford office and lab 40-hour workweek with standard hours of 09.00 - 17.30; flexible options e.g. 08:00 - 16:30 Some travel in Australia as projects require Relocation support to Melbourne considered (from within Australia or New Zealand) Full-time position Exa Product Development is an Equal Opportunity employer. We have an unwavering commitment to diversity, equity, inclusion, and fair remuneration for all. These commitments, as well as Exa’s Non-Discrimination and Anti-Harassment policies are upheld at every stage of hiring and employment. We welcome applications from all candidates regardless of their race, gender identity, religion/belief, sexual orientation, age, or disability; we are dedicated to ensuring all applicants can participate fully in our hiring process.

We are growing our engineering team and on the lookout for new engineers to take our company to the next level. This won't be your typical cog-in-the-machine type of job. If you're a high achiever with talent, looking for something more than a boring job in corporate, want to work with the best and brightest and don't need to be handheld, this is the job for you. If you join a mega-cap technology company as the 10,000th hire you might struggle to figure out the impact you are making. If you join a startup, you might get to work on the latest fad, but likely have few mentors to learn from, work on toy problems and never change the world. At Freelancer you’ll get to work on a highly diverse, global set of internet-scale challenges where you will make a meaningful difference with real responsibility, while rapidly building your skills. We run a meritocracy - we actively promote from within. You’ll also change lives - our mission is to provide one billion jobs. Not many companies actually make a difference like Freelancer does in providing opportunity and income to people all around the world. We have a very wide range of engineering challenges to sink your teeth into. You’ll get a chance to be exposed to a wide variety of technologies across our businesses. Freelancer.com is an Alexa top 1000 website with a cutting-edge frontend stack incorporating Angular, TypeScript and RxJS. Our backend powers a large suite of services running a modern global marketplace; messaging, payments, translations, file services and a notification system sending millions of notifications an hour. We deploy code to production multiple times a day. Must haves: Tertiary Degree in Computer Science / Engineering (or related) Proficiency in a few web development languages, such as Python, Golang, PHP, Node.js or Ruby Experience with relational databases and SQL, preferably MySQL Background or interest in web engineering at scale Experience working in an agile team environment, continuously shipping environment Linux experience Cloud computing experience, preferably AWS Strong writing and verbal communication skills Strong sense of ownership and able to self-manage work Self-motivated and tracked-record of learning new technologies Strong troubleshooting skills and creative problem-solving ability Nice-to-haves: Experience with SOA, microservice and containerisation architecture Experience with development of public facing APIs Experience with modern Javascript framework, such as Angular, React or Vue Experience with TypeScript Strong knowledge of computer networking Sound understanding of OWASP and the best web security practices Strong academic achievements MS or PhD degrees A Github page with contributions to open source software Benefits: A meritocratic culture with the ability to take ownership and fast track your career growth. You will be working on an Alexa top ranked website, solving complex, internet scale and global problems in product &amp; engineering with over 80 million customers across 247 countries, regions &amp; territories. Fully stocked kitchen and beer taps, complemented by a bar with a breathtaking view Delicious Friday lunches from a rotating selection of local restaurants. Engaging Weekly Town Halls with global presentations and open Q&amp;A sessions with our CEO (feel free to ask him anything!). Hack-a-thons - Get hacking and programming in this quarterly company-wide where teams create solutions to existing problems and win prizes. The 2-day event is filled with games, events, shows, food and more. Regular team building events (think speed boats in the harbour, escape rooms, karaoke, laser tag, trivia nights, poker nights in the office)! Located at Grosvenor Place - Home of Freelancer HQ, this iconic building and location with harbour views with weekly and complimentary classes, activities, events, promotions, competitions and deals. Just when you thought it couldn’t get any better: Change lives every day – Everything we do as part of our jobs contribute to improving the lives of our users on a global scale. Our mission is to provide one billion jobs. Not many companies actually make a difference like Freelancer does in providing opportunity and income to people all around the world. Fast-track your career - We boast a meritocratic culture, renowned for hiring into senior roles from within and producing many business and product leaders in the technology industry.

Join a collaborative and agile development team working across enterprise-grade platforms in a growing financial services organisation. What’s in it for you: Contribute to full-stack development across internal and external systems Work within a supportive team focused on innovation and growth Exposure to modern tech stack (C#, .NET, Angular, SQL) Be part of an established organisation with a global footprint Sydney CBD location | Hybrid working model About the Role: We’re looking for a Junior Software Engineer to join a dynamic and collaborative development team within a leading financial services business. You’ll be involved in end-to-end software development, from coding and debugging to documentation and testing. This is a great opportunity to gain exposure to enterprise systems, agile delivery, and cross-functional collaboration. Key Responsibilities: Design, develop, and maintain clean, testable, and scalable code Support full-stack development (front-end and back-end) across business systems Assist in debugging and troubleshooting issues across the application stack Participate in sprint planning, QA testing, and SDLC documentation Collaborate with internal stakeholders and the broader IT team What We’re Looking For: Minimum Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or related field 0–3 years’ experience in software development (internship or project work welcome) Exposure to C#/.NET, Angular or JavaScript, and SQL Familiarity with Git and Agile development Strong communication skills and a proactive, team-oriented attitude About the Company: Our client is a leading financial services company with operations across Australia, New Zealand, and international markets. With a focus on innovation and long-term partnerships, they offer a values-driven culture, professional growth, and the chance to contribute to impactful projects.

Service.com.au is hiring a Software Engineer! We’re looking for a motivated engineer who’s ready to step up and grow. You’ve shipped real code to production, taken ownership of features, and now you’re looking for a role where you can deepen your technical skills, gain broader ownership, and make a bigger impact. At Service.com.au, you’ll join a small, fast-moving team building software that reaches thousands of Australians every day. This is a chance to work across the stack, influence product decisions, and level up your career in a supportive, growth-minded environment. 💡 Why Join Us? At Service.com.au , you won’t just be another engineer lost in the noise—you’ll be a core part of a small passionate team building real solutions that impact thousands of Australians every day. Here’s why engineers love working with us: Tight-knit, high-performing team : We’re a small, agile group where your voice matters. You’ll work shoulder-to-shoulder with the founders and decision-makers, influencing real change and seeing your work come to life—fast. Meaningful product, real users : With over 90,000 monthly users, your code powers the experience of homeowners and tradespeople across the country. You’ll see the impact of your work daily. Ownership and autonomy : We believe in giving smart people room to thrive. From architecture to deployment, you’ll take full ownership of your projects, with the freedom to innovate and the responsibility to deliver. Balance and culture : We believe high-performing teams do their best work when they’re supported and balanced. Enjoy regular team events, Wellness Wednesdays, and a work environment that celebrates energy, creativity, and respect. Growth-minded environment : You’ll be supported by leadership that’s invested in your development. From tech stack experimentation to unlimited learning resources , we’re committed to helping you expand your skills and grow your career. Sunshine and surf : Based on the beautiful Gold Coast, you can code with a view and catch a wave before or after work. If you’re someone who wants to build, influence, and thrive in a dynamic product-led environment, this is your chance. 🔧 What You’ll Do At Service.com.au , engineers aren’t siloed, they’re part of the core product direction and decision-making. You’ll be trusted to take projects from start to finish and contribute to how we build and scale the platform. Own projects from start to finish: You’ll be responsible for designing, implementing, and deploying features that improve our platform and customer experience. Work directly with the founders: You’ll have a clear line to the people setting the company direction. That means context, fast feedback, and the ability to influence priorities. Make architectural decisions: We don’t have rigid patterns or legacy rules you need to work around. You’ll be involved in defining the best approach for the problem at hand and ensuring it fits well with the rest of the system. Write reliable, maintainable code: You’ll be expected to move quickly without cutting corners. That means tests where they make sense, clear abstractions, and leaving things better than you found them. Contribute to team practices and standards: You’ll help shape how we work! Whether that’s tooling, reviews, release processes, or deployment pipelines. Everyone here contributes to engineering culture. 📈 What We’re Looking For We’re after someone who’s confident building real software, comfortable in ambiguity, and motivated to make an impact. Here’s what matters most: Strong engineering fundamentals: You have expert experience in at least one core language (e.g. PHP, Python, or TypeScript/JavaScript), and you’ve delivered working systems in production. We use a mix of PHP, TypeScript, Python, and React—but we care more about how you think than what you’ve used. End-to-end ownership: You’ve built and shipped features on your own before—understanding requirements, writing the code, reviewing PRs, and deploying the result. Comfort with both old and new: You can work your way through an existing codebase without issue, but you’re also capable of designing clean solutions from scratch when needed. Curious and self-driven: You look for context, question assumptions, and want to understand the “why” behind decisions. You’re happy picking up new tools or learning more about the business side if it helps you build better systems. Good communicator: You write clearly, ask direct questions, and don’t sit on blockers. We don’t have a meeting-heavy culture, so async communication matters. Team-first mindset: You want to work with others, share ideas, and build something useful together. We’re a small team, and everyone plays a key role. If you’re looking for a role that offers both challenge and support as you take the next step in your career, we’d love to hear from you.

About RaptorTech RaptorTech is a trailblazer in delivering innovative software and hardware solutions that redefine productivity, safety, and efficiency in the mining and construction industries. Our mission is to empower clients with cutting-edge technology, and we’re leading the charge in revolutionizing 3D visualization for real-time operational insights. Join our passionate Perth team to shape the future of immersive technology in mining and construction! About the role RaptorTech is seeking a talented Software Engineer - Unity - Operational Support &amp; Visualization to join our dynamic team in Belmont, Western Australia. In this full-time role, you will play a pivotal part in strengthening our operational team by addressing visualization-related issues in our fleet management solutions. Your contributions will drive the delivery of innovative, high-quality software and exceptional user experiences for our clients. What you'll be doing Design, develop, and maintain Unity-based applications, with a primary focus on enhancing our fleet management solution. Streamline and optimize the bug resolution process to ensure efficient and high-quality software delivery. Write clean, well-documented, and maintainable code, adhering to rigorous standards for quality, performance, and security. Diagnose and resolve complex technical issues, collaborating closely with cross-functional teams to deliver clear, high-quality error reports and detailed software requirements. Keep abreast of the latest Unity features, industry best practices, and emerging trends to drive continuous improvement in our solutions. What we're looking for Proven experience (2+ years) as a software engineer, with deep expertise in Unity development. Strong proficiency in C# and Unity’s core systems, with a track record of building professional-grade Unity applications. In-depth knowledge of design patterns, software architecture, and best practices for creating scalable, robust, and maintainable software. Experience with agile software development methodologies and associated tools. Exceptional problem-solving and analytical skills, with a creative approach to tackling complex technical challenges. Outstanding communication skills, enabling effective collaboration with diverse, cross-functional teams. About the Application Process To strengthen your application, we encourage you to: Share your GitHub account or other relevant code repositories. Provide showcases of your past work, such as project demos, videos, or portfolio links. Note: Shortlisted candidates may be invited to complete a brief coding challenge to help us better assess your skills. What we offer At RaptorTech, we are committed to providing a rewarding and supportive work environment for our employees. We offer competitive salaries, opportunities for career advancement, and a range of benefits, including: Competitive Package &amp; Perks : Attractive salary and free lunches on select days. Career Growth : Gain exposure to cutting-edge 3D systems with potential for leadership roles. Impactful Work : Contribute to solutions that enhance safety and efficiency in global mining operations. Collaborative Culture : Thrive in a supportive team environment with access to the latest tools. Apply now to join our dynamic team as a Software Engineer - Unity - Operational Support &amp; Visualization!

WHO WE ARE&nbsp; Known best as the 'Undisputed King of Trainers', JD Sports reigns supreme as one of the biggest and best global Sports Fashion brands across footwear and apparel.&nbsp; Founded in 1981 in Greater Manchester UK, JD Group has achieved remarkable growth through rapid global expansion, now standing as the leading global sports fashion retailer. With over 3,400 stores worldwide, we strive to inspire the emerging generation through a captivating connection to the universal culture of Sport, Music, and Fashion.&nbsp; In 2017, JD Sports first launched within the Australian market and has since expanded to 60+ stores across all Australian states and New Zealand, with plans for continued future growth. Our mission is to offer unparalleled service and style to all our customers.&nbsp; Working at JD Sports is a state of mind, an attitude and way of challenging the norm. We do not conform; we create our own path and are elite within our field. And now, we’re seeking talented and passionate individuals to join our team.&nbsp; THE ROLE&nbsp; The Software Engineer plays a critical role in shaping JD Sports’ digital future, sitting at the centre of system connectivity, innovation, and performance. You’ll lead the design and development of integration solutions that power seamless data flow across our ecosystem across retail and ecommerce platforms.&nbsp; Working closely with cross-functional teams, you’ll turn complex requirements into scalable, secure, and efficient technical solutions. Whether you're building new APIs, optimising data pathways, or resolving tricky integration challenges, your work will ensure our technology landscape stays connected, reliable, and ready for growth.&nbsp; This role is perfect for someone who thrives on solving technical puzzles, enjoys hands-on development, and is passionate about building smart, future-ready systems that deliver real business value.&nbsp; Reporting into the Senior Software Engineer, this role is responsible for, but not limited to:&nbsp; Solution Design &amp; Development:&nbsp; Collaborate with cross-functional teams to understand business requirements and design scalable, efficient, and maintainable integration solutions&nbsp; Architect integration solutions using industry best practices and leveraging your expertise in integration patterns, API design, and middleware technologies&nbsp; Lead the hands-on development and coding efforts for integration projects using languages such as Object Pascal, Python, PHP, or others&nbsp; Ensure code quality, security, and compliance with coding guidelines and standards&nbsp; Create comprehensive technical documentation for integration solutions, including design specifications, deployment guides, and operational procedures&nbsp; Act as a subject matter expert in troubleshooting and resolving integration issues&nbsp; Provide guidance and support to Digital technology and cross-functional teams&nbsp; Organize and facilitate all aspects of integration code deployment&nbsp; Perform thorough integration reviews and implement necessary actions based on the outcomes&nbsp; Develop and execute test plans for integration solutions to ensure reliability and performance&nbsp; Proactively identify opportunities for process improvement and optimization within the integration development lifecycle&nbsp; Team Management&nbsp; Identify and develop talent via coaching, mentoring and the implementation of individual Team Member learning plans&nbsp; Conduct training sessions to enhance the team's skills and knowledge in integration technologies&nbsp; Team Management and delegation&nbsp; Completion of regular and annual performance reviews&nbsp; WHAT WE’RE LOOKING FOR?&nbsp; Minimum of 3-5 years of hands-on experience in Software Engineering roles&nbsp; Proven experience in designing and implementing complex integration solutions&nbsp; A bachelor’s degree in computer science, Information Technology, or a related field&nbsp; Experience of using applications such as MSSQL, MySQL, MS Server, AWS, FLOW, Statelake, Mulesoft, Apigee&nbsp; Expertise in working with various data formats like JSON, XML&nbsp; Experience in providing technical leadership, mentoring junior developers, and collaborating with cross-functional teams&nbsp; WHAT’S IN IT FOR YOU?&nbsp; Birthday leave&nbsp; Competitive Salary&nbsp; One month paid parental leave&nbsp; Referral bonus scheme&nbsp; Training and development to evolve and shape your career&nbsp; Opportunity to progress across all areas of the business including Retail, Support Office and our Distribution Centre&nbsp; Treat yourself with our attractive staff discount! This can also be used for friends and family&nbsp; Access to our Employee Assistance Program &amp; Mental Health champions&nbsp; We are passionate about connecting with driven and skilled individuals who are invested in their development, so that together we can evolve our brand's success, alongside evolving your career.&nbsp; JD values diversity and inclusion and champions a culture where everyone feels, valued, included, and celebrated.&nbsp; What are you waiting for? Apply today and kick start your JD Sports Journey.&nbsp; Please note, by applying for this role, you consent to us completing a Work Rights check to verify your working rights where required.&nbsp;

About Minaret College Minaret College is a leading Islamic independent school in Victoria, dedicated to academic excellence and holistic student development within a faith-based learning environment. We are seeking a Software Engineer to join our growing IT Services Team and contribute to the ongoing development, integration, and support of technology solutions that enhance educational and administrative outcomes. About the Role As a Software Engineer at Minaret College, you will work closely with internal stakeholders to design, develop, and maintain custom software applications that support both teaching and administrative operations. You will play a critical role in improving the College's digital infrastructure through scalable, user-friendly, and secure software solutions. Key Responsibilities: • Design and develop new software applications and tools for academic and operational use. • Enhance and maintain existing systems to improve performance, usability, and integration. • Collaborate with cross-functional teams including teachers, administrators, and IT support. • Analyse user requirements and translate them into robust technical solutions. • Conduct software testing and debugging to ensure product reliability and data security. • Maintain up-to-date documentation of systems, processes, and procedures. • Provide technical support and training to staff as needed. ________________________________________ Required Qualifications and Experience: • Masters degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or a related field. • Minimum 5 years of experience in software development in a large organisation. • Proficiency in languages such as Python, JavaScript, PHP, or Java. • Experience with web frameworks (e.g., Django, React, Laravel) and database systems (e.g., MySQL, PostgreSQL). • Familiarity with version control (e.g., Git), CI/CD pipelines, and cloud platforms. • Excellent problem-solving and communication skills. • Strong attention to detail and a passion for continuous learning. ________________________________________ Why Join Us? • Work in a values-based organisation that supports professional and spiritual growth. • Be part of a collaborative and inclusive team. • Opportunities for career development and technical upskilling. • Contribute meaningfully to the education of future generations. ________________________________________ How to Apply Please submit your CV and a cover letter outlining your relevant experience and interest in the role to: Email: hr@minaret.vic.edu.au Subject Line: Software Engineer Application – [Your Full Name] Applications close: 22 August 2025

About Yojee Yojee Limited (ASX: YOJ) is a cloud-based (SaaS) logistics platform that seamlessly and uniquely manages, tracks and optimises freight movements along the entire logistics chain, from sender to end customer, across borders and between logistics providers (land, sea, air), with subcontractors and for multi-leg journeys. Rarely is a single carrier servicing an entire goods journey from sender to end customer, or exclusively using one transportation method. Yojee ensures connectivity and more efficient planning along the entire journey. About the Engineering Team at Yojee The backbone of Yojee focused on building the core platform and product using best-in-class technology. We love clean code, well-designed architecture, and applying best practices. We build cool technology that lasts long and scales well. About the Role Yojee is looking for a Senior Front End Engineer who is excited about developing and designing software services in a greenfield environment focusing on scalability and performance. Together with the team, you will have ownership of the services you build, and you love to share your ideas regarding architecture and functionality. Duties and Responsibilities ● Guide technical design and architecture ● Work with product people to understand and flesh out requirements for implementations ● Design, develop, and maintain highly scalable services ● Drive best practices and produce high-quality code ● Lead troubleshooting of complex bugs and issues ● Ensure deliverables meet the quality bar Requirements ● 6+ years of React JS experience developing complex frontend systems. ● 3+ professional experience writing Typescript. ● Advanced CSS skills. ● Experienced in high load, high traffic transactional systems. ● Attention to detail and reliability are what you take pride in. ● Ability to work and contribute in a team environment. ● Excellent communication and collaboration skills. Nice to Have ● Open-source repositories and contributions. ● Experience working on greenfield software projects. ● Experience working with one of these languages, Elixir, Ruby on Rails, Go, Scala, Haskell or any other functional programming language.

Are you passionate about making a real impact in healthcare? Do you thrive in an environment that values integrity , curiosity and excellence ? If you’re looking for an opportunity to work with a dynamic team and grow both personally and professionally, we’d love to meet you. What You Will Do &amp; What You Will Bring You will be working in multidisciplinary teams with Electronic, Mechanical and Systems Engineers to develop products for our clients in the Medical sector. As a Software Engineer , you will be responsible for: Software development; including Delivery of design (coding, debugging, documentation, unit tests, integration, testing, and verification); Reviews (design, code, test); Design ownership of smaller classes and modules. Compliance in quality process and relevant product regulatory standards. Adherence to Agile Methodologies such as Scrum. Participation in Continuous Improvement Initiatives as needed to ensure the group stays abreast of best practices in software engineering. In addition, we require the following skills and experience in: Degree qualified in Software Engineering or related discipline, or equivalent relevant experience Ability to work effectively as part of a team, including with client representatives. Meeting estimated deadlines and clearly communicating status updates. Object Oriented Design and Implementation Proficiency in at least one relevant language such as C, Modern C++, or C#/.Net, and open to learning new languages, technologies, and tools as needed.Attention to detail; Scripting (such as Python, Lua). Configuration Management and Continuous Integration. Competent problem-solving skills. This is a full-time, 12-month contract position. The ideal candidate will have a couple of years of experience post University. We would also consider people with exceptional academic records of achievement for a similar Graduate role. About Us At Invetech, we revolutionize healthcare by developing products that make a difference. As global innovators with over 35 years of experience, we blend creativity, commercial insight, and technical expertise to drive success for our clients. Our mission is to deliver impactful solutions while continuously evolving and pushing the boundaries of what’s possible. We’re seeking talented individuals who share our values and are ready to contribute to our journey of innovation and excellence. Why Join Us? We cultivate a work environment built on trust , collaboration, humility , and continuous improvement . Here, you’ll have opportunities to learn, grow, and make a tangible difference for our clients, team and community. Whether you’re early in your career or a seasoned professional, at Invetech you’ll find a place where you can thrive. What we offer : Along with a great team of people to work with, at Invetech we also offer a subsidized gym, subsidized canteen, comprehensive EAP, free onsite parking, and various social clubs and events, just to name a few! Ready to Make a Difference? If you’re looking to join a company that does meaningful work and influences positive health outcomes , joining Invetech may be just the right opportunity for you. Apply today by submitting your resume and a brief cover letter outlining why you’re a great fit for this role. Invetech recognizes the value of an inclusive and diverse work environment across the organization. We believe everyone deserves the same opportunities in life, regardless of gender or identity, sexual orientation, race, ethnicity, religion, disability, or age.

Description Software Engineers/Developers TSPV Accrue up to an extra 12 days of leave per year through our Life Days program.? Work with world leading technology business at the forefront of innovation. We're a 'Family Friendly' certified workplace - we understand the often many and varied roles our team members need to play within their own unique family setting and actively support them. Our team feel Leidos is a great place to work. Learn more about our culture and benefits by visiting us here https://www.leidos.com/company/global/australia/careers Do Work That Matters Leidos Australia delivers IT and airborne solutions that protect and advance the Australian way of life. Our 2000 local experts, backed by our global experience and network of partners, are working to solve the world's toughest challenges in government, intelligence, defence, aviation, border protection and health markets. Your New Role and Responsibilities We are seeking Software Engineers and Developers to join the Intelligence support team. We support the Australian Government's classified programs with modern IT systems, including mission-critical classified systems that cover a wide breadth of software engineering disciplines. Collaborate and innovate with our talented cross-functional and cross-domain teams, developing and supporting compelling software solutions, constantly refining our approach and methods Design innovative software solutions to complex problems Participate in/lead agile story mapping and estimation Integrate and deploy complex systems using SecDevOps practices Undertake web focused User Interface development and User Experience evolution Research, prototype, investigate and develop technologies and systems Have the opportunity to lead or contribute to customer demonstrations, engagement and innovation activities and initiatives and business development responses What You'll Bring to Make An Impact A Bachelor's Degree in Software Engineering, Computer Science, or Electrical Engineering (with software engineering experience) Integration with external systems/applications (REST API, integration protocols, JSON/XML) Integration and customization of open source technologies (NiFi, Kafka, Elastic (ELK) Stack, Solr) CI/CD tools and technologies and infrastructure as code (Ansible, Jenkins, git) Java and related open-source frameworks Containerization using Docker, Kubernetes JIRA and Confluence Don't worry if you don't tick all the boxes - if you meet most of them, we encourage you to submit your application. We're most interested in your strengths, what you want to learn and how far you want to go. This role does requires the successful applicant to be an Australian Citizen and hold an active TSPV Clearance. Diverse Team Members, Shared Values and a Common Purpose Providing our customers with smarter solutions takes an incredible team with diversity of thought, experience and perspectives driving innovation. Inclusion is at the heart of our culture and is one of our core values. It's about creating a workplace where everyone can do important work, feels welcome, valued, and respected, and has equal access to opportunities to thrive. Paul Chase - Chief Executive, Leidos Australia. Leidos Australia is an equal opportunities organisation and is committed to creating a truly inclusive workplace. We welcome and encourage applications from Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islanders, culturally and linguistically diverse people, people with disabilities, veterans, neurodiverse people, and people of all genders, sexualities, and age groups. Our five Advocacy Groups (Women and Allies Network,?Young Professionals, Defence &amp; Emergency Services, Action for Accessibility and Abilities and Pride+) provide an opportunity for team members to connect and collaborate on shared interests, and work to support and celebrate our diverse community. Next Steps To apply for this role, follow the links or apply via our Careers page. Recruitment process - 1 virtual interview or 1 face to face, a psychometric test &amp; background checks. Applicants may also need to meet International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) requirements. In certain circumstances this can place limitations on persons who hold dual nationality, permanent residency or are former nationals of certain countries as per ITAR 126.1. We are committed to making our recruitment process accessible to all candidates. Please contact our Careers team careers.au@au.leidos.com if you'd like to discuss any additional support during your application or throughout the recruitment process. Original Posting: For U.S. Positions: While subject to change based on business needs, Leidos reasonably anticipates that this job requisition will remain open for at least 3 days with an anticipated close date of no earlier than 3 days after the original posting date as listed above. Pay Range: The Leidos pay range for this job level is a general guideline only and not a guarantee of compensation or salary. Additional factors considered in extending an offer include (but are not limited to) responsibilities of the job, education, experience, knowledge, skills, and abilities, as well as internal equity, alignment with market data, applicable bargaining agreement (if any), or other law.

Join ArthroLase – Redefining Orthopaedic Surgery ArthroLase is advancing cutting-edge technology in orthopaedic surgery with HAiLO™ , a patented robot-assisted laser bone-cutting system. As the world’s first surgical platform to use laser precision for sub-millimetre bone shaping, HAiLO™ has earned FDA “Breakthrough Technology” status. Working in tandem with HAiLO™ is AIRO-x™ , our next-generation implant system engineered for optimal bone preservation and enhanced osseointegration. AIRO-x™ features proprietary surface patterns impossible to achieve with traditional bone saws, enabling immediate fixation—no bone cement required. Headquartered in Mosman Park with a global development network, ArthroLase is an Australian private company leading the way in intelligent joint resurfacing to enhance patient outcomes. We’re seeking a smart, curious, and driven individual to join our team. About you: · Degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Electronic Engineering (Embedded Systems), or related field. · Excited to join our innovative friendly team with a genuine interest in building the next generation of surgical devices. · Desire to tackle complex, open problems and a commitment to continual learning. · Willingness to contribute across teams whether it is lasers, medical, robotics or other areas as needed. · Have a willingness to work in a laboratory with biological tissue, and able to have any required vaccinations (required for access to PC2 laboratory facilities). · Ideally 2+ years experience solving complex challenges in innovative projects. Desirable skills: · Able to work and communicate in a small highly productive multidisciplinary team. · Programming: C/C++, Rust, Python, OpenGL, Linux, Networking. · Maths: Computational geometry, statistics, matrices, quaternions, etc. · Knowledge of robotics, control systems, electronics, simulation and automation, CAD design, rapid prototyping (3D printing) and fabrication. · Able to write high quality documentation with an attention to detail. · Prior medical knowledge isn't a requirement, but exposure to medical device development or safety critical environments will be highly regarded. If you have any projects, (personal or work experience) that demonstrates your capacity in the desirable skills section please mention them in your one-page cover letter. Only those applicants who have the right to work and live in Australia will be considered. So it's over to you. If you would like to join our team, please APPLY now. To learn more about working with ArthroLase, we encourage you to visit our website. We reserve the right to close this ad early if we find the right candidate, so get your application in if you are interested.

The Role Covetrus is a global animal health organization providing a range of integrated products and services which drive improved clinical and financial outcomes for vets and pet owners. We have a long history of innovation, continuous improvement, and excellence in customer service to our vets and veterinary practice clients. We’re bringing together products, services, and technology into a single platform that connects our customers to the solutions and insights they need to work best. Our passion for the well-being of animals and those who care for them drives us to advance the world of veterinary medicine. As we continue our SaaS journey, we are seeking an experienced frontend Software Engineer to join our Technology Solutions team based at Eight Mile Plains (flexible working available). You will be an enthusiastic developer with an eye for detail and a desire to contribute not just code, but opinions, suggestions and innovations from initial designs through the full SDLC towards building a globally reaching first-class SaaS product. You should be experienced and confident in writing great user interfaces in Angular and be comfortable contributing independently or paired up with other teammates. As Software Engineer, you will: Implementing angular components, UI and workflows as part of a large business application using designs and user stories for guidance Have experience with responsive design approaches Work in sprints as part of a close, friendly, highly-collaborative team Have an appreciation for cloud-native aspects of software development – performance, security, deployment etc Be passionate about writing maintainable code that will be critical in the daily running of Veterinary Practices in multiple countries Be conscious and have experience with testing strategies Support our product team with the art of the possible through the design process Peer reviewing code changes from the team and assisting with implementing best practice patterns. Collaborating closely with backend developers, Ux designers, QA, Dev Ops, Business Analyst and Product Owner to complete user stories. Contributing and sharing ideas of continual improvement with the team. Using Azure technologies and functions where required, including pipelines and releases. Opportunities to contribute to backend .NET code and develop full stack skills Present work to stakeholders at sprint reviews and code review sessions. About You To be successful you will have; Tertiary qualifications in Information Technology combined with demonstrated 2-5 years expertise in JavaScript, Angular, TypeScript. Great knowledge of CSS, SASS, and/or Tailwind. Good knowledge of Angular testing, front end web testing with Playwright. Demonstrated experience with web application security and understanding of Azure or alternative cloud technologies. Strong understanding of the full Software Development Life Cycle, including reviewing the Design Story Writing and QA stages. Confidence in suggesting and making changes, seeking out opportunities for collaboration and iterating on code based on feedback. Demonstrated experience in an AGILE working environment ideally within the IT-enabled healthcare or animal health industry (though not essential). Why Join Us? At Covetrus, we’re proud of our family friendly culture and respectful workplace. We embrace diversity in our workforce and encourage applications from like-minded persons from all walks of life. Covetrus team members are eligible to access a suite of fantastic benefits, to help them look after themselves, their family and their beloved pets. These include – Generous discounts on our range of animal health food &amp; enrichment products. Access to Perkbox/Boost apps for discounts on everyday shopping &amp; amazing health &amp; wellbeing resources. Additional leave benefits – annual birthday leave, paid parental leave, &amp; the option to purchase additional leave. Flexible hybrid Work from Home options &amp; dog-friendly offices (for select roles and locations). Free 24/7 access to our Employee Assistance Program. Reward &amp; recognition through our quarterly Values Awards and our Service Anniversary Awards. Professional development through our Leadership Development &amp; Emerging Leadership courses. Access to annual flu vaccinations. Annual volunteer days.

Job details Software Engineers write and test code, optimise software for speed and capability, evaluate and test new software, design and maintain software systems under limited supervision. Key duties and responsibilities The CTO Transition Program has a requirement for an experienced AI/ML-Python Developer, developing and optimizing machine learning models and applications. They will work with large datasets and collaborate with data scientists, engineers, and other stakeholders to drive machine learning projects from ideation to production. and/or Data Engineers to work together with AFP technical staff in furthering the integration of its covert collection, analysis and compliance systems. The AI/ML Python Developer should ideally have the following skills and qualifications: Mandatory requirements : Strong proficiency in the Python 3 programming language 5 years experience in similar environments Essential requirements : Understanding of machine learning algorithms, data science frameworks, and programming expertise to create innovative AI solutions Implementing algorithms. Design and optimize machine learning algorithms for scalable, high-performance systems Integrating AI systems. Deploy AI-powered applications into existing workflows and ensure seamless integration with APIs and platforms. Conducting data preprocessing. Clean and prepare large datasets to train and fine-tune models. Demonstrated experience developing APIs to integrate disparate applications in an enterprise environment to provide end-to-end business solutions Experience using collaboration tools that include git, issue tracking and wikis (e.g. GitLab, GitHub, Azure DevOps) Desirable requirements : Python web application framework (e.g. Django, FastAPI, Flask) NoSQL databases (e.g. MongoDB, Elasticsearch, Cassandra) SQL databases (e.g. PostgreSQL, MySQL) Object storage (e.g. S3 API) Message queues/event streaming (e.g. Kafka, Pulsar, RabbitMQ/AMQP) Workflow orchestration (Nifi, Prefect, Airflow) Development and consumption of REST APIs / Micro-service architectures Front-end development (e.g. JavaScript, HTML and CSS) Containerisation technologies (e.g. Docker, Kubernetes) Knowledge and use of CI/CD pipelines (e.g. Git, Ansible) Working with Agile methodologies (e.g. Kanban, Scrum) Criteria The buyer has specified that each candidate must provide a response to each criterion. Each response is limited to 3000 characters. Essential criteria 1. Relevant Experience Demonstrated relevant experience (and past performance) in delivering the same or similar goods and/or services. 2. Ability to deliver Availability of required goods or services, committed available resources (including specified persons, contractors or consultants), and/or demonstrated ability to deliver within required timeframes to an acceptable quality standard. 3. Achieve results Ability to achieve team objectives and delivers on intended results, builds capability and responsiveness within the team, adapts to, supports and manages change.

Mid-Level Software Engineer The Company Salt is excited to have partnered with a Global SaaS organisation based in Melbourne who is currently seeking a number of Mid-Level Software Engineers to join some of their innovative Software Engineering teams on a permanent basis. Our client is currently going through an exciting period of growth as they look to revolutionise the Energy sector by building sustainable and affordable solutions, helping them to reduce carbon emissions. Please note, this is a hybrid role based in Melbourne and all applicants must have full working rights in Australia to apply for this position. The Role As a Mid-Level Software Engineer, you will be joining one of our clients growing Engineering teams where you will working on a Greenfield project, and will help with the design and development of various applications and modules. Key Skills and Competencies The successful Mid-Level Software Engineer should have the following skill set: Extensive experience with TypeScript In depth experience with both Node.js and React.js Strong knowledge working with AWS including various tools (Terraform, Lambda, Kubernetes, DynamoDB) Experience in building and maintaining CI/CD pipelines (GitHub Actions, CircleCI) Proficient in Test Driven Development (TDD) Experience working in an Agile environment Previous experience working on projects in the Utilities/Energy industry Full working rights in Australia The offer An attractive salary + bonus Hybrid working model and flexible working hours (2-3 days remote per week) Revolutionise the Energy Sector and the opportunity to work across various exciting projects and technologies Excellent opportunity for career progression and growth If you're interested then apply now, as we are interviewing for this role immediately! Alternatively, feel free to give me a call for a confidential call or send me an email for more details. Jonathan Tutty (E) jtutty@welovesalt.com Acknowledgement of Country Salt respectfully acknowledges the Traditional Owners of the lands across Australia as the continuing custodians of country and culture. We recognise the enduring connection that Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples have to the lands, waters, and skies. We pay our respects to all First Nations Australians and their Elders past and present. We're proud to have won the Best Mid-Sized Recruitment Company to Work For at the 2023 TIARA Recruitment Awards, and to have been finalists, for the second year in a row, in the Client Service and Recruitment Leader of the Year categories! At Salt, our mission is Creating Futures by putting our clients, candidates, partners, and team members at the heart of everything we do. We extend our sincere appreciation to everyone who has contributed to our continued success. Salt acknowledges the Traditional Owners of the lands across Australia as the continuing custodians of country and culture. We pay our respects to all First Nations Australians and their Elders past and present.

Use Your Skills To Help us Build the Future of Fintech . We’re building exciting things, from the ground up, and we’re looking for a talented Software Engineer to join us on day one. If you’re excited by the idea of creating AI-powered financial products from a blank canvas, with no tech debt or legacy systems in the way, we want to hear from you. About Us Established in 2009, Ume Loans is a well-established provider of loans that help change people's lives. We focus on our customers’ potential rather than their past, ensuring everyone has the opportunity to access the finance they need. With a commitment to empathy and understanding, we offer tailored solutions across car loans, personal loans, and business loans, helping our customers move forward and improve their credit profile. We take a common-sense approach to lending, which gives our team the power to find the strength in a customer’s profile, so we can help them when others can’t. We believe in the value of technology and have invested heavily in building our systems to support speed, efficiency, and compliance in credit assessment while supporting scalable growth. Our team is ambitious, and our business is at an exciting time as we continue growing rapidly while changing our customers' lives for the better. Why This Role is Different • Make your mark : Be part of a brand new team and play a key role in deciding the architecture, tech stack, and direction of the product that helps thousands of Australians. • Greenfield products : You’ll help define and build new, customer-facing products from scratch. No legacy, no tech debt. • AI + Fintech : Work at the cutting edge of AI-powered financial technology, helping shape tools that make complex decisions simple, fast, and user-friendly. Key Responsibilities • Define the architectural foundations for the next generation of financial technology • Develop high-quality, maintainable software according to best practices. • Create and deploy new customer-facing web applications from the ground up and deploy them to production • Contribute to the improvement of processes and structure as we grow What We’re Looking For This is a unique opportunity to get in early and help build something with lasting impact. If you thrive in fast-moving environments, love solving real customer problems, and want to shape the direction of both product and tech, let’s talk. • 4+ years of experience as a software engineer working on customer-facing products. • Someone dynamic who can Learn and apply new ideas quickly. • Proficiency in modern front-end technologies including JavaScript/TypeScript and React . • Experience with frameworks like Next.js or Vite . • A passion for clean code, great UX, and scalable systems . • Startup experience building applications from the ground up is a big plus. Candidates that are willing and able to work with our IT team from within our professional offices on the Sunshine Coast will be highly regarded. We’re also open to a hybrid or remote arrangement for the right candidate, someone who is highly skilled, self-motivated, accountable, and is dedicated and passionate about helping to bring our vision to life. How Do You Get Yourself to the Top of the List? Due to the high volume of applications we receive, we can only consider those that include both a resume and a tailored cover letter. Your cover letter must address the opportunity and specifically respond to the two points outlined below. 1. What has attracted you to this role? 2. Why do you feel this is the right opportunity for you? Interview Timing We are hiring now, so don't delay your application.

Tech layoffs? Doing more with less? Welcome to vibe coding. The market’s changed. Profit margins are king, and resilience often takes a backseat. But the smartest companies know resilience is the secret sauce for customer retention. And if you bake it in early, you build faster too. This role is for the folks who want in on that. The CEO’s words: “Reliability isn’t a cost or just a support job. It’s core to customer satisfaction and retention.” So, they’re investing hard in SRE, aiming to triple their user base in three years. They’re global already, with millions of users. On the ground, you’re backed by strategy shaped by an ex-Google SRE, so you know it’s done the right way. The stack? Mostly cloud-native (GCP and AWS), thousands of microservices, Kubernetes-centric, Java and Go dominant but open to new languages. No legacy migrations here; it’s all about solving modern problems with modern tech and best practices. And here’s a kicker: zero on-call. Other teams handle PagerDuty, so your nights stay your own. You’ll work a hybrid schedule, three days in the office, but nobody’s counting hours. The team’s solid: big enough to support you, small enough to give you influence. Plus, an open-door policy means you can chat with anyone from the CTO to product squads without awkward politics. What impact will you have? That’s up to you as there are multiple roles open. Fancy chaos engineering? AI strategy? More software-heavy or infrastructure-focused work? It’s a target-rich environment for anyone who loves the engineering side of SRE. Experience-wise: maybe you’re already an SRE looking for your people, a Platform or DevOps engineer ready to pivot, or a software engineer passionate about resilience and performance tuning. If you see yourself in any of those, let’s talk. Just know you'll be close to the code in this role so will need good backend software fundamentals. Reach out to Julien Bicknell at The Onset. Email julien@theonset.com.au or call 0406 158 832. No stress if your CV’s a bit dusty, questions first, paperwork later.

EML is a leading Workers Compensation and Personal Injury Claims Management business. Our goal is to help people get their lives back through ongoing support during their return-to-work journey . We continue to experience ongoing growth and now have over 4,000 dedicated employees . We foster a learning culture that allows for us to continually invest in our employees ensuring a long-term career here at EML. THE OPPORTUNITY As we expand, our Technology team is growing rapidly , driving innovation in AI for Workers Compensation . We're transforming the industry with cutting-edge solutions that enhance claims management, improve outcomes, and streamline processes. At EML, we foster a learning culture, investing in our people to build long-term careers while shaping the future of technology in our sector. Join our dynamic, forward-thinking AI team as a Full Stack Web Developer and help shape the future of intelligent solutions! In this role, you'll work closely with data scientists, MLOps engineers, AI/ML engineers, product engineers, and designers to develop and maintain web applications that drive our business operations. As part of the selection process, you'll complete a test task, with the potential for ongoing involvement in larger-scale projects. If you're passionate about pushing technical boundaries and creating innovative digital experiences, we'd love to hear from you! This will be a full time. fixed term 12 month contract based in the Sydney office (with the view to be made permanent), with flexibility to work from home up to 3 days per week. YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES Collaborate with the AI &amp; Data Science team to develop and maintain 'proof of concept' web applications. Work with cross-functional Technology teams to take 'proof of concept' applications from development to production and deployment. Implement frontend features using frameworks like React (preferred), Angular, Vue.js, Python Flask, etc. Develop backend API endpoints using technologies such as AWS, Azure Functions, Node.js, and Firebase Functions to manage authentication and task data. Ensure role-based access control for different user roles (Admin and User). ABOUT YOU 3+ years experience as a Full-Stack Developer, including building data security and encryption functionality. Strong proficiency in modern frontend frameworks (e.g., React, Angular, Vue.js) and backend technologies (e.g., Azure Functions, Node.js). Experience working with APIs for various frontend and backend frameworks, including both AWS and Azure. Familiarity with API design and experience working with APIs for LLMs (cloud-style and OpenAI style). Experience with the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC), DevOps practices, and tools like Git, Docker, and Kubernetes. WHAT WE OFFER We stand together as equals. EML is an equal opportunity employer so by coming to work for us, you will be part of a culture that celebrates diversity and inclusion. We are committed to maintaining a workplace where everyone feels valued and where we show respect, integrity and honesty. EML provides career opportunities and great employee benefits, including: * A vibrant, collaborative innovative team culture * Flexibility with opportunity to WFH when you are fully trained in your role. * A corporate wellbeing program with discounted health insurance and gym membership * Access to discounts at over 350 retailers through our Rewards Hub program * Entitlement to an annual tenure and performance-based recognition reward * Comprehensive learning and development support * Companywide events to celebrate success. * Quarterly Reward and Recognition Awards * Up to 16 weeks paid parental leave, plus super We value our people and are committed to supporting our employees by investing in their professional development and providing generous employee benefits. If this position is of interest to you, please apply now.

Digital transformation across Australia's flagship industry Help to digitally transform the resources sector! An exciting opportunity is available to join Metallurgical Systems, the world's most advanced metallurgical accounting, process optimisation, and sustainability reporting software. The role We are seeking a talented Junior Software Developer to join our technical team to help us accelerate digital transformation for the resources sector. The ideal candidate will possess solid programming skills, strong problem-solving/creative thinking abilities, and excel in a team environment. This is an ideal opportunity to grow and expand your skill set and to be mentored by a highly accomplished team of experts. You will be valued and acknowledged for your talents, provided opportunities to gain new skills and competencies, and empowered to work autonomously. Why work with Metallurgical Systems? Earn a competitive salary while honing your skills in full-stack development Use the best-in-class digital technology and equipment Opportunity to help resource organisations reduce their carbon emissions Grow with an experienced team right in the heart of Sydney The ideal candidate Bachelor's degree qualification (or higher) in computer science or a related field Hands on experience with the .Net applications and SPA (Single Page Application. e.g., Angular/ Vue/ React) Understanding of SQL and familiarity with MS SQL Server Understanding of web and Microsoft technology stack Understanding of RESTful APIs and IIS Understanding of software design patterns Understanding of LINQ and Entity Framework / Entity Framework Other highly regarded skills Experience in frontend testing frameworks like Playwright Experience in ASP.Net and Angular 9+ Experience in automation and integration testing Confidence working in an Agile development environment Who are Metallurgical Systems? Metallurgical Systems is a world-leading technology company with a specific focus on optimising plant processes in the metallurgical sector. We are based in Sydney, Australia, and deploy our solutions to minerals processing plants worldwide. Our 'digital twin' software leverages machine learning and AI, and is used in ten countries, five continents and in four different languages (English, French, Spanish and Russian). Our expert team includes metallurgists, engineers and technical experts, and our core team has been together for over a decade. To learn more, please visit: www.metallurgicalsystems.com Interested? Please send your cover letter and resume through Seek. Applications WITHOUT a cover letter will not be accepted. No recruiters please. Direct applicants only.

At Google, we have a vision of empowerment and equitable opportunity for all Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples and commit to building reconciliation through Google’s technology, platforms and people and we welcome Indigenous applicants. Please see our Reconciliation Action Plan for more information. Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. 1 year of experience with software development in one or more programming languages (e.g., Python, C, C++, Java, JavaScript). 1 year of experience with data structures or algorithms. Preferred qualifications: Master's degree in Computer Science or a related technical field. About the job Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward. Google's global network (GGN) infrastructure is already one of the largest in the world and it is growing very rapidly. Our team works on innovative technology in deploying and maintaining Google's worldwide network. This role will be part of the team based in Sydney. Google is an engineering company at heart. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on users around the world. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, social to local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another. Responsibilities Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve software using production principles. Manage individual project priorities, deadlines and deliverables. Work with the cross functional team partners to understand their requirements and build the products to meet those requirements. Design and implement software for automating operations of networking equipment.

Overview This position is intended for recent graduates who have completed their degree programs after December 2024. Come build community, explore your passions and do your best work at Microsoft. This opportunity will allow you to bring your aspirations, talent, potential - and excitement for the journey ahead. We’re a company of learn-it-alls rather than know-it-alls and our culture is centered around embracing a growth mindset, a theme of inspiring excellence, and encouraging teams and leaders to bring their best each day. Does this sound like you? Learn more about our cultural attributes. The goal of the Neurodiversity Hiring Program is to build a hiring approach that recognizes and embraces the strengths of Neurodiverse candidates. Neurodiversity encompasses a wide range of cognitive differences, such as ADHD, autism, dyslexia, dyspraxia &amp; dyscalculia. As a Software Engineer you will develop software, tools and code to be used in support of design, infrastructure, and technology platforms as well as commercial or end-user applications. This opportunity will allow you to create and implement extensible and maintainable code for a product, service, or feature. You will partner with stakeholders to determine user requirements for a feature and consider a variety of feedback channels to incorporate insights into future designs or solution fixes. You will collaborate with others to create a clear and articulated plan for testing, assuring quality of solutions, while applying knowledge of debugging tools, logs, telemetry, and other methods to proactively flag issues. This opportunity will allow you to learn about customer scaling requirements and the application of best practices for meeting scaling needs and performance expectations, while ensuring the correct processes are followed to achieve a high degree of security, privacy, safety, and accessibility. Microsoft’s mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. As employees we come together with a growth mindset, innovate to empower others, and collaborate to realize our shared goals. Each day we build on our values of respect, integrity, and accountability to create a culture of inclusion where everyone can thrive at work and beyond. Qualifications Required Qualifications: Bachelor's Degree (or currently pursuing a degree) in Computer Science or related technical discipline with proven experience coding in languages including, but not limited to, C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, or Python. OR equivalent experience. Eligible for the Neurodiversity Hiring Program Preferred Qualifications: Bachelor's Degree (or currently pursuing a degree) in Computer Science or related technical field AND 1+ year(s) technical engineering experience with coding in languages including, but not limited to, C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, or Python OR equivalent experience. OR Master's Degree (or currently pursuing a degree) in Computer Science or related technical field with proven experience coding in languages including, but not limited to, C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, or Python. OR equivalent experience. #neurodiversity Responsibilities Learn to review and break down work items into tasks with stakeholder collaboration, provide estimations, and escalate delays, while also supporting feature deployments to customers, considering user and service impacts, and adhering to best deployment practices for safety. Collaborate with key stakeholders to define feature requirements, integrate feedback to enhance design, and establish feedback loops for continuous improvement based on customer metrics. Learn and apply coding standards and best practices through code reviews, developing maintainable and extensible code with guidance. Utilize debugging tools to proactively and reactively address issues in product features, ensuring code quality and reliability. Support the identification of dependencies and design documentation for product features, learn about system interactions and back-end dependencies, and contribute to architectural processes under guidance. Produce code to test hypotheses for technical solutions and assist with technical validation efforts. Collaborate on quality assurance plans, augment test cases, and integrate automation into testing, while understanding the implications of security and compliance in system architecture. Contribute to data analysis and feedback integration for product engineering decisions, acting as a Designated Responsible Individual (DRI) for monitoring and restoring system functionality within Service Level Agreement (SLA) timeframe. Participate in live service operations, and support telemetry data integration for system behavior insights, with a focus on performance, reliability, and safety. Develop and apply best practices for reliable code building, understand global and local regulations, customer scaling requirements, and support communication with key partners across Microsoft for user experience enhancement and partner needs. Ensure compliance with security, privacy, safety, and accessibility standards, leverage developer tools for code creation and debugging, contribute to automation in production and deployment, and proactively seek knowledge to improve product availability, reliability, efficiency, and performance at scale.

About us&#8239;&#160; The Department of Government Services (DGS) was&#8239;established&#8239;on 1 January 2023 to improve everyone's experience of doing business and interacting with the Victorian government.&#8239;We bring important day-to-day services together in one department to make things easy and seamless for Victorians and businesses.&#8239;We are doing this by connecting and digitising our systems and platforms across state and local government as well as streamlining our corporate and procurement services.&#8239; About the role&#8239; This role is responsible for maintaining and enhancing existing DGS products and services. As a key member of our software delivery squads, the successful candidate will collaborate closely with cross-functional teams to deliver high-quality software that aligns with DGS standards.&#160; About you The ideal candidate is proactive, adaptable, and brings a strong foundation in software engineering principles, experience working in Agile environments, and a proven track record in a similar development role. For more inormation about the role and KSC, please see the attached PD.&#160; This position is only open to applicants with relevant rights to work in Australia.&#8239;&#160; How to apply&#8239;&#160; Apply before the advertised closing date 11:59pm on 7 August&#160;2025. All applications should include:&#8239;&#160; a resume; and&#8239;&#160; a cover letter which addresses the key selection criteria (within three pages)&#8239;. &#8239;Other relevant information&#8239;&#160; The department is committed to providing and maintaining a working environment which is safe and without risk to the health of its employees and clients and consistent with the department's obligations under the Occupational Health and Safety Act 2004 (OH&amp;S Act), to support this DGS has a COVID-19 Vaccination policy which strongly recommends all DGS employees be fully vaccinated.&#8239;&#8239;&#160; Preferred candidates will be required to complete a Pre-employment Declaration and Consent Form. Employment of successful candidates will be subject to a Nationally Coordinated Criminal History Check.&#8239;&#160; DGS actively promotes diversity, inclusion and an equal opportunity workplace. We welcome applicants from all diverse backgrounds, including people with disabilities and Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples. All roles at DGS can be worked flexibly, please discuss your needs and situation in an interview.&#160; &#160;

About Devika Devika is a leading software development company dedicated to creating innovative and impactful digital solutions. Visit our website (devika.com) to learn more about our mission and projects. We are seeking a talented Software Developer with a passion for product development to join our growing team in Wollongong, NSW. Job Description We are looking for a motivated Software Developer to contribute to the full lifecycle of our product development. This role will involve designing, developing, testing, and deploying high-quality software solutions. The ideal candidate will have a strong understanding of software engineering principles and a keen interest in creating user-centric products. Responsibilities Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define, design, and ship new features. Write clean, maintainable, and efficient code. Participate in code reviews and contribute to improving our development processes. Troubleshoot and debug issues, providing timely resolutions. Contribute to technical documentation and knowledge sharing. Qualifications Proven experience as a Software Developer. Strong proficiency in programming languages such as TypeScript/JavaScript. Excited by AWS and serverless infrastructure such as BaselineJS.com Experience with software development methodologies, such as Agile. Excellent problem-solving and analytical skills. Benefits Access to the gym and pool at the office. Opportunities for professional growth and development. Collaborative and inclusive work environment. Flexible work arrangements.

Role : Software Developer AI Salary: Negotiable as your skills &amp; experience will matter + superannuation Expected: Full-time role, on-site 5 days a week Location : Homebush (accessible public transport or parking) About the Role: Join Duo Tax Quantity Surveyors, Australia's market leader and fastest-growing property services business specialising in tax depreciation, property valuation and property insurance! We're looking for a dynamic, ambitious and agile Software Developer with an eye for AI to become an essential part of our rapidly expanding Sydney-based team. In this key full-time role, you'll utilise cutting-edge AI technologies (Cursor, Lovable, Windsurf) to conceptualise, design and implement innovative software solutions. Your creativity and technical expertise will be crucial in overcoming business challenges, driving innovation and ensuring Duo Tax remains the top player in the market, maintaining our incredible growth for years to come! What You’ll Be Doing: Proactively identify business pain points and collaborate closely with internal teams to deeply understand challenges. Leverage advanced AI-driven platforms (Cursor, Lovable, Windsurf) to rapidly deliver innovative, high-impact software solutions. Continuously optimise and improve software systems, driving maximum efficiency and outstanding performance. Manage and refine backend systems to ensure scalability, reliability and top-notch security. Handle advanced database management and optimisation (SQL Server, PostgreSQL, MongoDB). Implement and enhance DevOps best practices, including CI/CD pipelines, automation and cloud deployments. Troubleshoot and enhance backend performance, ensuring smooth operation across all platforms. Maintain and advance industry-leading software security practices. Provide clear, detailed and precise documentation and technical specifications. What We're Looking For: An exceptionally motivated innovator with a passion for solving complex problems through creative and lateral thinking. Proven success using advanced AI-driven tools (Cursor, Lovable, Windsurf) to deliver rapid, high-quality outcomes. Strong programming skills and an unwavering commitment to excellence and efficiency. Extensive experience with database management and optimisation (SQL and NoSQL). Proficiency with DevOps tools (Docker, Kubernetes, Terraform, Jenkins). Solid understanding and experience in cloud infrastructure (AWS, Azure, Google Cloud). Advanced knowledge of RESTful API design and microservices architecture. Comprehensive understanding of secure backend development. Agile mindset—comfortable with radical honesty, quick feedback and continuous improvement. Results-focused, self-motivated individual with excellent initiative and accountability. Essentials: Must be based in Sydney and available to work full-time from our office.

Our Story Kinephonics has developed a next generation, scientific data metric to underpin evidence based outcomes to a healthy, educated, and productive nation. Our Saas tool provides utility to language, literacy and learning, and measures improvement via neurological pathways. We present this process in a way that’s engaging, inclusive, and human. Our team is small, creative, and mission-driven, working at the intersection of design, speech, health, media, education, and impact. Join us as we set a human bio marker for measurable outcomes in adapting to the macro winds of global advancements. What we’re looking for Strong communicator who can collaborate effectively with a multidisciplinary team (health professionals, educators, marketing, sales, and engineers) Self-motivated and proactive - comfortable working without fully scoped specs, using initiative to align with the company mission and goals A degree in Computer Science (or equivalent experience) A few years of hands-on coding experience with the development lifecycle Proficient in building web applications using Next.js and React Skilled in Kotlin and TypeScript within MVC architecture Experienced in developing and deploying applications on cloud platforms What you’ll be doing Collaborating across disciplines: You’ll work closely with designers, educators, health professionals, marketing, and sales. Translating technical concepts into clear, accessible ideas. You’ll help the team understand how features work, why they matter, and how they’re progressing, ensuring everyone stays aligned and informed. Improving team workflows: Helping the team stay in sync by maintaining clear processes, ensuring visibility across projects. Driving the team forward: Managing the Jira board, helping prioritise work, unblocking tasks, and ensuring bugs are squashed and features progress toward release. Writing and shipping production code: You’ll contribute directly to the codebase, building new features, improving existing ones, and solving technical challenges across the stack. Maintaining high code quality: We value clean, debuggable, and intentional code. You’ll refactor for scalability, clarity, and consistency. Not just to ship, but to build something meaningful and maintainable. Using AI thoughtfully: We support using AI tools, but only to improve and not rush our code. You’ll help us ensure AI-assisted code meets our quality standards. Overseeing deployments: Managing feature releases, coordinating with the team to ensure smooth rollouts, and keeping everyone informed and aligned. Testing and polishing: You’ll be hands-on with testing and debugging new features to ensure the user experience is smooth and intuitive, always with the customer in mind.

Software Engineers/Developers TSPV Accrue up to an extra 12 days of leave per year through our Life Days program.? Work with world leading technology business at the forefront of innovation. We're a 'Family Friendly' certified workplace - we understand the often many and varied roles our team members need to play within their own unique family setting and actively support them. Our team feel Leidos is a great place to work. Learn more about our culture and benefits by visiting us here https://www.leidos.com/company/global/australia/careers Do Work That Matters Leidos Australia delivers IT and airborne solutions that protect and advance the Australian way of life. Our 2000 local experts, backed by our global experience and network of partners, are working to solve the world's toughest challenges in government, intelligence, defence, aviation, border protection and health markets. Your New Role and Responsibilities We are seeking Software Engineers and Developers to join the Intelligence support team. We support the Australian Government's classified programs with modern IT systems, including mission-critical classified systems that cover a wide breadth of software engineering disciplines. Collaborate and innovate with our talented cross-functional and cross-domain teams, developing and supporting compelling software solutions, constantly refining our approach and methods Design innovative software solutions to complex problems Participate in/lead agile story mapping and estimation Integrate and deploy complex systems using SecDevOps practices Undertake web focused User Interface development and User Experience evolution Research, prototype, investigate and develop technologies and systems Have the opportunity to lead or contribute to customer demonstrations, engagement and innovation activities and initiatives and business development responses What You'll Bring to Make An Impact A Bachelor's Degree in Software Engineering, Computer Science, or Electrical Engineering (with software engineering experience) Integration with external systems/applications (REST API, integration protocols, JSON/XML) Integration and customization of open source technologies (NiFi, Kafka, Elastic (ELK) Stack, Solr) CI/CD tools and technologies and infrastructure as code (Ansible, Jenkins, git) Java and related open-source frameworks Containerization using Docker, Kubernetes JIRA and Confluence Don't worry if you don't tick all the boxes - if you meet most of them, we encourage you to submit your application. We're most interested in your strengths, what you want to learn and how far you want to go. This role does requires the successful applicant to be an Australian Citizen and hold an active TSPV Clearance. Diverse Team Members, Shared Values and a Common Purpose Providing our customers with smarter solutions takes an incredible team with diversity of thought, experience and perspectives driving innovation. Inclusion is at the heart of our culture and is one of our core values. It's about creating a workplace where everyone can do important work, feels welcome, valued, and respected, and has equal access to opportunities to thrive. Paul Chase - Chief Executive, Leidos Australia. Leidos Australia is an equal opportunities organisation and is committed to creating a truly inclusive workplace. We welcome and encourage applications from Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islanders, culturally and linguistically diverse people, people with disabilities, veterans, neurodiverse people, and people of all genders, sexualities, and age groups. Our five Advocacy Groups (Women and Allies Network,?Young Professionals, Defence &amp; Emergency Services, Action for Accessibility and Abilities and Pride+) provide an opportunity for team members to connect and collaborate on shared interests, and work to support and celebrate our diverse community. Next Steps To apply for this role, follow the links or apply via our Careers page. Recruitment process - 1 virtual interview or 1 face to face, a psychometric test &amp; background checks. Applicants may also need to meet International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) requirements. In certain circumstances this can place limitations on persons who hold dual nationality, permanent residency or are former nationals of certain countries as per ITAR 126.1. We are committed to making our recruitment process accessible to all candidates. Please contact our Careers team careers.au@au.leidos.com if you'd like to discuss any additional support during your application or throughout the recruitment process. Original Posting: For U.S. Positions: While subject to change based on business needs, Leidos reasonably anticipates that this job requisition will remain open for at least 3 days with an anticipated close date of no earlier than 3 days after the original posting date as listed above. Pay Range: The Leidos pay range for this job level is a general guideline only and not a guarantee of compensation or salary. Additional factors considered in extending an offer include (but are not limited to) responsibilities of the job, education, experience, knowledge, skills, and abilities, as well as internal equity, alignment with market data, applicable bargaining agreement (if any), or other law.

Teradata ETL Software Engineer (Developer) Job Applications Close: midnight Tue 5 Aug 2025 Tender Submission Deadline: midnight Wed 6 Aug 2025 Est start: Mon 01 Sep 2025 Term: 1 yr + 2 yr extensions Experience: APS6 equivalent Location: ACT, VIC + Hybrid Security Clearance: Baseline Job Details: - Experienced ETL Developers for development of complex reporting solutions in Teradata EDW, SAP, DB2 environment. - Contribute to data mgmt capabilities, including ETL for data warehouses + Data Lake (RDBMS/HDFS). - Analysis, design and dev in a Teradata EDW environment. - Dev ETL solutions using a variety of tools including SQL Assistant, Teradata Studio Viewpoint, Pcom and Control-M. Knowledge / qualifications - 4+yrs experience in at least one of: Teradata SQL Assistant, Teradata Studio - Proven experience in ETL for Teradata - Proven experience in designing and delivering data analytics solutions - SQL, Unix, Linux and /or JCL - Strong written communication skills 1-page pitch, 5000 chars addressing all criteria holistically. Essential criteria 1. Methods and tools: Level 4 (SFIA). Advice and guidance on methods and tools and adherence to policies and standards; tailors processes and reviews and improves methods and tools. 2. Programming/software development: Level 4 (SFIA). Designs, codes, verifies, tests, documents, amends and refactors complex programs/scripts and integration software services. 3. Release and deployment: Level 4 (SFIA). Assesses and analyses release components ; maintains and administers tools and methods; maintains release processes and procedures. 4. Software configuration: Level 4 (SFIA). Designs, verifies, documents, amends and refactors complex software configs for deployment; participates in selection of the software config methods and tools. 5. Software design: Level 3 (SFIA). Design of software applications or components; applies agreed standards, guidelines, patterns and tools; creates multiple design views for different stakeholders functional and NFRs. 6. Systems design: Level 4 (SFIA). Designs system components using appropriate modelling techniques following agreed architectures, design standards, patterns and methodology. 7. Systems integration and build: Level 4 (SFIA). Technical expertise in configuration of system components and equipment for systems testing; collaborates to develop system integration plans and report on progress. 8. Testing: Level 3 (SFIA). Designs test cases and test scripts; participates in requirement, design and specification reviews. Desirable criteria 1. Application support: Level 3 (SFIA). Follows agreed procedures to identify and resolve issues with applications. ACTION If you wish to proceed with this job application, please respond to this email with the following information: Job role of interest : Teradata ETL Software Engineer (Developer) Full legal name : todo If you not located in Canberra/ Melbourne, would you be willing to relocate (includes LAFHA) : todo Are you an Australian Citizen : todo AGSVA security clearance : todo Earliest start date/ notice period : todo Pay Rate Range / hr inc Super ex GST : todo &lt; $ 100 / hr $ 100 to $ 115 $ 115 to $ 125 $ 125 to $ 135 $ 135 to $ 145 $ 145 to $ 155 $ 155 + Contact details of 2 referees -we may contact them as part of our screening process, but we will not share with client unless you are selected for interview. todo Other Comments / Questions : todo Please note that as this is an open tender , the Pay Rate Range you ask for will be a significant factor in assessing your suitability and ranking for this job role. Please respond by no later than midnight Tue 5 Aug 2025 Sam Bartone Chief Consultant Eccoi 0416 100 606

At Pan Software, we develop RiskWare, a cutting-edge, cloud-based enterprise platform that helps leading private and public sector organizations manage risk and safety. With an ambitious roadmap ahead, packed with innovation and new features, we’re looking for passionate developers to join our team. If you want to see your ideas shape the next generation of software solutions, we want to hear from you! The Role – Junior/Mid Level API Developer (Cloud API &amp; Microservices) As a .NET Developer, you’ll be a key player in designing, building and optimizing a cloud-based API platform that powers our industry-leading risk management solution. You’ll work with modern cloud technologies, contribute to architecture decisions, and help ensure our platform is scalable, secure, and high-performing. If you love technology, enjoy tackling complex challenges, and thrive in a collaborative, fast-paced environment, this is the role for you! What You’ll Do ✅ Design, develop, and optimize cloud-based APIs and microservices. ✅ Research and evaluate new technologies to recommend best-fit solutions. ✅ Build resilient, scalable, and high-performance applications using C#, .NET 7+, and TypeScript. ✅ Write clean, maintainable, and scalable code following Agile and DevOps best practices. ✅ Develop and automate testing strategies (unit, integration, end-to-end, and performance testing). ✅ Implement identity services and security strategies to protect API resources. ✅ Optimize API design for front-end and mobile applications. About You We’re looking for a highly skilled developer with a passion for technology and a mindset for continuous learning. Your Core Skills &amp; Experience: API &amp; Microservices – Proven experience building RESTful APIs and microservices, ideally with Azure or AWS serverless. Backend Development – Strong expertise in C#, .NET 7+, T-SQL, and JavaScript tools. Cloud &amp; Databases – Solid SQL skills, data modeling, and experience in multi-tenant environments. Security &amp; Identity Management – Understanding of identity services and strategies to secure APIs. Agile &amp; DevOps – Familiarity with CI/CD pipelines, DevOps, Git, and GitHub for source control. Code Quality – Strong grasp of software design patterns, code reviews, and test-driven development (TDD). Bonus Points For: Hands-on experience with NoSQL databases (Elasticsearch, MongoDB, Apache Spark, Hadoop , Redis, Cassandra). Experience with Azure Cloud Services, API Gateway, WebApps, Blob Storage and Event Hub. Middleware and integration platform knowledge. Automated testing and CI/CD experience. An active GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket, or Stack Overflow profile (we love to see your work!). Why Join Us? Innovate – See your ideas come to life in a real-world product used by industry leaders. Grow – Take on leadership opportunities as our company continues to expand. Develop – Benefit from ongoing training and career development. Explore – Work across web, backend, IoT, analytics and mobile teams. Enjoy – A developer-friendly culture, casual attire and a modern office in a prime location. No recruitment agencies please. 🔗 Company Site: www.pansoftware.com.au 🔗 Product Site: www.riskware.com.au 🔗 Facebook: https://www.linkedin.com/company/pan-software

Senior Software Engineer - $165-180k base + super + ESOP&nbsp;&nbsp; Software Engineer - $130-160k base + super + ESOP&nbsp; &#55356;&#57119; Why join? Join at a pivotal moment: Well on the path toward its next raise and unicorn valuation. It&rsquo;s the perfect time to come in, make your mark, and benefit from a generous ESOP with a clear growth trajectory ahead. Ship value fast: High trust, high velocity engineering culture&nbsp; Culture: Work in a team that values ownership, fast learning, and open collaboration Sydney Hybrid: balance deep work time with meaningful in-person connection Are you looking to join a team where ethical technology meets real-world impact?&nbsp;&nbsp; Help build a healthcare platform designed to deliver innovative, fair, patient-centred care. Work with a company who has a forward thinking approach incorporating a modern tech engineering stack and solid AI product roadmap. This tech unicorn is looking for engineers who want their work to contribute to something bigger.&nbsp; As part of our shift to a modern, Go-first architecture, you&rsquo;ll help design and build robust distributed systems and microservices that scale responsibly. Legacy systems remain in TypeScript, new development is focused on creating clean, efficient, and maintainable services in Go. If you're passionate about applying your engineering craft to improve lives, we&rsquo;d love to meet you. &#55357;&#56507; What you&rsquo;ll be doing: Designing and building distributed systems and microservices in Go Maintaining and improving existing systems in TypeScript where needed Collaborating with product, design, and ops to ship meaningful features Balancing rapid experimentation with long-term scalability Participating in code reviews, pair programming, and team rituals &#9989; What we&rsquo;re looking for: Experience in modern backend and frontend engineering Go, TypeScript, GraphQL, React, Postgres, GCP (startup experience is a bonus) Hands-on experience building Go microservices and distributed systems Comfortable working in a hybrid Go/TypeScript environment Strong problem-solving skills, clean coding habits, and attention to detail Curious, collaborative, and eager to grow with the team

Great to meet you. We're Energetica, an end-to-end platform for everything to do with enterprise energy and renewables. Buying, selling, analysing, optimising, working towards net zero… you name it. We do it all, and we do it for some of Australia's biggest names, too! We're a small (but rapidly growing) team, hyper-focused on building up and scaling our technology both here and globally, and we want smart, focused and hardworking people to join us as we head towards the next stage of our evolution. Built and managed here in Australia, we are leading the way in technology for the energy and sustainability sector and looking for like-minded individuals who want to roll their sleeves up and get in at the ground floor of an exciting journey. Our engineering smarts are what makes us different, and it's critical that every member of our engineering team not only loves what they do, but are bloody brilliant at it. The purpose of this role is to help us keep our platform at the forefront of the market by building enhancements and supporting our clients. For this position, we want you to convince us that you'll be fantastic at the following: Understanding customer needs and requirements quickly and coming up with clever ways to address them while pushing the system’s overall capabilities forward. Building and supporting software with a modern, distributed architecture across multiple customers/tenants. Picking up complex new concepts rapidly. Testing new stuff that doesn’t yet quite work yet and working with us on improving it. Staying positive and productive around stress and tight deadlines which are unavoidable in a rapidly growing company. Providing feedback and discussing solutions in a constructive and collaborative way. As we're a small startup, you will be open to: Getting involved in a little bit of everything: from customer support, to testing the system, and all the way through to energy analysis Working hard, but also smart Helping us plan and execute our product vision Working closely with all levels of the team, from the founder onwards You'll need to have at least some of the following experience: Real production system development on any stack, ideally using a type-safe language (full disclosure, we mainly use a mix of TypeScript + React on the frontend, and Kotlin/Java on the backend) Familiarity with computer science concepts that are relevant to everyday software construction … but we don't require you to be: An energy expert – (fantastic if you are, but we're also more than happy to train you up!) A rocket scientist, or a PhD in quantum physics (but we won't hold it against you) We offer the following: On-site or remote work anywhere within 3-4 hours of flying time to Melbourne (however, if you’re actually located in Melbourne, this would be ideal as we are now in the office 2-3 days a week) The opportunity to work with some smart people and to be part of something very big. A great salary appropriate to your experience. If this all sounds like something you'd be interested in, tell us why and we'd be very happy to hear from you!

Who we are: Agworld is a global farm management platform that started in Australia more than a decade ago and now supports growers, agronomists, and input providers across five continents and millions of acres. Agworld has grown into a trusted digital ecosystem that connects the entire supply chain—helping growers make data-driven decisions that increase productivity, sustainability, and profitability. We believe that a secure global food chain starts with smarter farming. Agriculture is facing some of the biggest challenges in human history: feeding a growing population while protecting natural resources. At Agworld, we are committed to equipping those on the front lines of food production with the technology they need to farm more efficiently, sustainably, and profitably. Agworld was recognized as one of the Thrive Top 50 AgTech Companies for three consecutive years (2018–2020), a prestigious global ranking that highlights excellence and innovation in agricultural technology. Who you are: You’re passionate about making a real difference in agriculture. You see the opportunity to help growers, advisors, and retailers work smarter and more sustainably—and you’re excited to apply technology to solve real-world challenges. Curious, collaborative, and impact-driven, you're eager to learn, innovate, and shape the future of digital agriculture alongside a team that shares your commitment to driving meaningful change. As an Intermediate Software Developer, you will play a key role in delivering high-quality, scalable features that solve real-world challenges. Collaborating with senior developers, Product Managers, and other stakeholders, you’ll help define and incrementally deliver impactful solutions while refining your technical skills and following best practices. This role requires a solid understanding of production environments and the software delivery process, with a strong focus on writing clean, maintainable code and reducing system complexity as part of a collaborative and purpose-driven team. What You’ll Achieve Solve complex, real-world agricultural problems by designing, building, and launching high-impact features. Take ownership of the development lifecycle, from collaborating on initial designs with Product Managers to deploying your work into our production environment. Write secure, well-designed, and thoroughly tested code, championing a culture of quality and continuous improvement. Actively improve our systems and architecture, helping to reduce complexity and enhance the maintainability of our codebase. Mentor and guide junior developers, sharing your knowledge and contributing to the growth of the entire team. Requirements We want you to succeed, so you will need: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or equivalent technical experience. 2–4 years of experience in software development. A polyglot mindset with proficiency in at least one of the following programming languages: Ruby, Python, Java, or Typescript/JavaScript. We believe great engineers can learn new tools—if your background is in other languages, we still strongly encourage you to apply. Experience with Agile methodologies and continuous integration/deployment. Understanding of production environments and ability to troubleshoot performance issues. Strong problem-solving skills and attention to software maintainability. Experience with software testing practices and basic refactoring. Solid communication skills for collaboration with technical and non-technical stakeholders. Nice to have: Experience with frameworks such as React, Angular, Django, Objective-C, Swift. Familiarity with relational and NoSQL databases (e.g., PostgreSQL, MySQL, MongoDB). Exposure to cloud platforms (AWS, GCP, Azure) and DevOps tools (Docker, Kubernetes). Knowledge of automated testing frameworks like Jest, Mocha, or Selenium. Experience using version control (Git) and Agile project management tools (e.g., Jira, Trello). A genuine curiosity about or direct experience with the emergent field of AI-assisted coding. Benefits Purposeful Work: Make a global impact by advancing sustainable food production. Our People: Work with a fun, collaborative, and supportive team. Recharge and Refresh: Extra flex days annually and year-end break, in addition to your annual leave. Work Flexibly: Hybrid options near offices for work-life balance. Stay Energized: Stocked offices and team events for fun and connection. Level up with the UpSkill program: Dedicated funds each year towards learning programs that help you grow in your role. Support for Life’s Big Moments: We offer enhanced parental leave top-ups to help you focus on what matters most. At Semios+Agworld, we recognize that people come with a wealth of experience and talent beyond just the technical requirements of a job. If your experience is close to what you see listed here, please still consider applying. We know that our differences often can bring about innovation, excellence, and meaningful work. If you require accommodations during the interview process, please let us know. We believe that different perspectives and backgrounds are what make a company flourish, and we welcome everyone. Applications without a cover letter won’t be considered.

Software Engineer We are QMS, a leading outdoor media company in Australia, specialising in providing engaging, impactful, and innovative advertising solutions across our premium outdoor media network. Our portfolio of exceptional digital and traditional large format billboards, exclusive street furniture and airport offerings, provide advertisers with tailored and flexible OOH solutions that deliver results. But we’re more than just an outdoor company…. Our Culture Life at QMS is always “out of the ordinary” and this is reflected daily in our people, products, and passions. Our people are at the heart of everything we do, and their passion, determination, creativity, and authenticity underpin our success to-date. We’re always contagiously confident, bringing a zest for life to our daily activities and importantly, taking time out to celebrate, reflect and evolve. We’re a positive and inquisitive bunch, always pursuing betterment by taking the lead with meaningful initiatives to deliver the most impact. You’ll find an inclusive, friendly, and supportive environment, filled with diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We are also proud to be a WGEA certified Employer of Choice for Gender Equality and have been since 2017. At QMS you are recognised – and valued - for your unique contributions. We believe that good ideas can come from anywhere so when you’re with us, you will feel enabled and empowered to share. As a growing business with an incredibly exciting future, pathways to new career opportunities and professional and/or personal development are always close by. While we have formal training opportunities available year-round, we encourage our people to embrace self-direction. In short? Tell us where you want to go – and we’ll help you get there. The Role: As Software Engineer at QMS, you will contribute across the entire software development lifecycle to build high-quality, user-centric products and integrations. Working in a collaborative environment, you will participate in both backend and frontend development using modern technologies. You will focus on writing clean, efficient, and maintainable code while engaging in problem-solving with a future-focused, innovative mindset and high degree of autonomy. Your contributions will play a key role in shaping digital infrastructure and delivering impactful solutions to customers. What you will be able to do: Build, test, and maintain scalable backend systems using modern software languages such as Go and Typescript Develop responsive and dynamic user interfaces using modern JavaScript frameworks such as Svelte Create and consume RESTful APIs and integrate with PostgreSQL or other modern SQL or NoSQL-based databases Participate in code reviews, documentation, and the delivery of clean, maintainable, and well-documented code. Contribute to testing strategies and CI/CD pipelines to ensure the reliability and performance of applications. Support debugging and troubleshooting of issues in production and development environments. What are we looking for? Ideally you will possess the following skills and attributes: 3-5 years Software Engineering background, including experience in full stack web development. Proficient in a modern backend language (Go preferred, Node.js and Python acceptable) Experience with modern JavaScript frameworks (Svelte, React, Vue, Angular) Strong understanding of RESTful API design and database management with SQL (PostgreSQL preferred) or NoSQL Familiarity with version control (Git) and CI/CD practices (Nice to have) Experience with AWS-native cloud services and infrastructure-as-code (e.g., Terraform, AWS CDK). Benefits of working at QMS: Flexible working options to suit your life stage and responsibilities. Employer-paid parental leave for primary and secondary carers for when your family grows. 3 additional days of paid Milestone leave per year to support the moments that matter to you. Exchange public holidays annually with Celebration leave, so you can commemorate cultural or religious days and events that are more meaningful to you. Employee assistance program for you and your family, annual vaccinations, healthy lifestyle checks and mental health first aid training. Ongoing learning and leadership opportunities to help you progress professionally and personally. Whether you’re starting out, ready for a change or looking for a place to make your mark, your out of the ordinary adventure starts here! Click Apply Now to tell us more about yourself, your career aspirations, and your values. QMS embodies the principles of fairness and equity into our talent acquisition process to ensure our workplace is free from all forms of inequality and discrimination. For further information on QMS Media please visit www.qmsmedia.com

Position Overview We are seeking a talented Software Developer to join our tech team. The successful candidate will be responsible for developing critical server infrastructure to integrate with multiple external APIs for data retrieval and building a website to replace our existing e-commerce platform. This role offers an excellent opportunity to work with modern web technologies while gaining experience in full-stack development. This is a Melbourne-based position in our office on St Kilda Road. Key Responsibilities Design and develop a robust server application to connect with multiple external APIs Build APIs to serve data to a series of web and desktop-based applications Develop a website to replace our existing Shopify-based platform Integrate payment systems and implement SEO best practices Maintain and optimize server performance and reliability Essential Requirements Technical Skills Computer Science Fundamentals : Strong understanding of data structures, algorithms, and complexity analysis Backend Development : Strong proficiency in at least one server-side language (Node.js, Python, Java, C#, or Go) API Development : Experience building RESTful APIs and working with external API integrations API Documentation : Proficiency in documenting APIs using tools like Swagger/OpenAPI, Postman, or similar Database Management : Knowledge of both relational (PostgreSQL, MySQL) and NoSQL (MongoDB, Redis) databases, including query optimization Web Technologies : Solid understanding of HTTP protocols, JSON, XML, and web services Frontend Development : Proficiency in HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, and at least one modern framework (React, Vue.js, or Angular) App Development : Experience with mobile or desktop application development (React Native, Flutter, Electron, or native platforms) Payment Systems : Experience with payment gateway integration (Stripe, PayPal, or similar) PowerApps : Knowledge of Microsoft PowerApps development and low-code/no-code solutions Version Control : Experience with Git and collaborative development workflows Educational Background Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Information Technology, or related field Desirable Qualifications Experience with cloud platforms (AWS, Azure, Google Cloud) Knowledge of containerization technologies (Docker, Kubernetes) Familiarity with CI/CD pipelines and DevOps practices Experience with e-commerce platforms and payment processing systems Understanding of search engine optimization principles, meta tags, structured data, and performance optimization Advanced SEO knowledge including technical SEO and analytics tools Microsoft Power Platform experience (PowerApps, Power Automate, Power BI) Experience with Content Management Systems (CMS) Understanding of web security principles, authentication, and authorization methods Understanding of data encryption and secure transmission protocols Previous internship or project experience in web development or e-commerce Soft Skills Strong analytical and problem-solving abilities Excellent communication skills for technical documentation and team collaboration Attention to detail, particularly important when handling sensitive data Ability to work independently and manage multiple projects simultaneously Eagerness to learn and adapt to new technologies What We Offer Competitive salary package Professional development opportunities Opportunity to work with modern technologies and modern web development stacks Visa Requirements Full working rights in Australia (Australian citizenship, permanent residency etc) Application Requirements Please submit: Current CV/Resume Cover letter highlighting relevant experience and interest in web development and API integration Portfolio or GitHub repository showcasing relevant projects Academic transcripts This is an excellent opportunity for a candidate to launch their career in software development while working on mission-critical systems that directly impact business operations and user experience.

Join Our Team at White Wolf Constructions! We are White Wolf Constructions, a leader in the provision of insurance repairs and disaster relief throughout NSW and the ACT. Our work is meaningful. The foundation of our success is our extraordinary people, delivering exceptional service, supported by the beating heart of our business, our bespoke claims and repair management system, WOLF. About Us: Founded in 2009 by professionals in carpentry and construction, we are passionate about construction and helping people. We pride ourselves on delivering the highest quality service and workmanship. Partnering with some of Australia’s largest insurance companies, our reputation is built on excellence and continuous improvement. Join WWC to be part of a company dedicated to being the best and bringing out the best in our team. The Opportunity: Role: Software Developer Reporting To: Systems and Optimisation Manager Role Overview: Our company values are important to us; Quality, Integrity, Professionalism, Innovation, Safety and Accountability, as is our team culture, underpinned by The PACT; Positivity, Appreciation, Consideration and Trust. Your qualifications and experience are important, but who you are is just as critical. Qualities such as self-motivation, people orientation, great time management and creativity are vital to the role. The right person will be a passionate Software Developer with the skills to maintain and support WOLF. Working closely with Senior IT Developers you will have the opportunity to collaborate on projects to further build our IT competitive advantage The ideal person will have a passion for .NET Development, experience with, or a desire to learn C#, ASP.NET Core, and backend development best practices. To ensure success, close collaboration with our leadership, developer, and frontline team is essential; therefore, this is an in-office role. Skills and Qualifications: Proficiency in Angular – Understanding of components, services, routing, and state management Basic TypeScript &amp; JavaScript Knowledge – Comfortable with ES6+ features, asynchronous programming, and RxJS HTML &amp; CSS – Ability to create responsive and accessible user interfaces API Integration – Experience consuming REST APIs and handling authentication (e.g., JWT) Benefits: Competitive salary based on experience, modern office, uniform. What We Offer: Passionate Leadership: Our management leads by example. Experienced Team: Work alongside seasoned professionals in a cohesive environment. Advanced IT Platforms: Utilise bespoke systems designed for our industry. Comprehensive Support: Our head office team supports all aspects of insurance repairs. Continuous Learning: Collaborate with industry experts for ongoing development and improvement. Empowered Workforce: Strong leadership supports and empowers staff to excel daily. Who We Are: We work as a team (The Wolfpack) We are loyal to each other and the business. We care about what we do, and all involved. We are strong &amp; determined. Our Values: Quality Integrity Professionalism Innovation Safety Accountability How We Behave Toward Each Other: Positivity Appreciation Consideration Trust What is Essential: Effective listening skills Ability to work individually and in a team Time management skills Willingness to learn Employee Perks: Supportive, safe, and encouraging workplace culture Competitive remuneration package based on experience Individual KPIs with incentives and bonus structure Yearly performance reviews Employee referral programs Seamless induction, professional development, and learning opportunities. Modern office facilities and resources “Pursue Excellence with White Wolf Constructions”. Apply now to be part of our dynamic team! https://www.whitewolfconstructions.com.au/

About the role Bargain Steel Centre is seeking an experienced Software Engineer to join our dynamic team in our Burton, South Australia office. This position will play a crucial role in the development and maintenance of our innovative software solutions. As a Software Engineer, you will be responsible for designing, implementing, and optimising software systems that support our core business operations. What you'll be doing Design, develop, and maintain software applications that meet business requirements Collaborate with cross-functional teams to identify and solve complex technical challenges Write clean, efficient, and well-documented code Participate in the full software development life cycle, including requirements analysis, design, implementation, testing, and deployment Stay up-to-date with the latest technologies, tools, and industry best practices Mentor and guide junior members of the team to enhance their skills and knowledge What we're looking for Bachelor's degree or higher in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or a related field Minimum 3 years of experience as a Software Engineer, with a proven track record of successful software development projects Strong understanding of software design patterns, data structures, and algorithms Excellent problem-solving and analytical skills Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment Strong communication and interpersonal skills What we offer At Bargain Steel Centre, we are committed to providing our employees with a supportive and rewarding work environment. We offer competitive salaries and opportunities for professional development and career advancement. Our company culture encourages innovation, teamwork, and work-life balance. About us Bargain Steel Centre is a leading provider of high-quality steel products and services in the South Australian market. With years of experience, we have established a reputation for excellence, reliability, and customer satisfaction. Our mission is to deliver innovative solutions that help our clients succeed, and we are always looking for talented individuals to join our team. If you are passionate about software engineering and excited to contribute to our growing business, we encourage you to apply now .

The Software Engineer role is responsible for ensuring continuous innovation and development of Cm3 Digital products from inception to deployment and production support. This role will work as an integral part of creative and motivated teams to ensure high quality benchmarks are met for deliveries of innovative products for local and international markets. Working closely with other stakeholders, the role requires the ability to design, develop, and implement creative solutions. Thinking outside the box with the capability to learn upcoming technologies in the integration space, the role requires contributing proactively to business aligned digital initiatives. A detailed understanding of modern SDLC frameworks is required as is the ability to work in an Agile environments.&nbsp; This permanent full-time opportunity will be based onsite at our Scoresby or Southbank offices in Melbourne VIC . Your responsibilities will include, but are not limited to: Actively promote and act within the Cm3 Values and Values in Action (UGRs). Ensure that clients are satisfied that the delivery of service has met their expectations. Collaborate with relevant parts of the business to deliver positive client outcomes. Ensure the achievement of the objectives outlined in your PDP. Actively participate in your PDP by taking ownership for agreed actions and by attending all 1:1 discussions with your manager. Promote open communication about your role and the progress of your objectives. Innovate and develop world-leading Digital products and solutions. Perform software engineering tasks to ensure the highest levels of product quality are met. Contribute to the architecture, design, implementation, and delivery of Digital products. Review and analyse business requirements, develop product and platform solutions to extend and enhance the Cm3 product offering. Develop high quality automation test scripts to improve test coverage, product quality and time to market. Assist in identifying product and process weaknesses and possible refinements in an environment of continual evolution and improvement. Analyse system and production defects, including troubleshooting and root cause analysis. Learn from industry specialists and apply best practices to further match our customer needs. Keep up to date with technical trends, tools and methodologies, undertake research as required.&nbsp; About you We believe that great teams are made up of great individuals, and to fit into our team at Cm3, we are looking for someone to bring the following: 2-5 years’ experience in a previous software related role Demonstrable strong Architecture, design, development and collaboration skills gained in developing software product solutions. Creativity, motivation and strong communication. Hands on experience with developing and implementing integrations. Effective time management skills for handling multiple projects and goals superior written and oral communication skills. Superior interpersonal skills, with a focus on rapport-building, listening, and questioning skills. Strong documentation skills. Technical Skills Solid understanding of Front End development. Solid Experience with JavaScript frameworks such as ReactJS, or NodeJS, or VueJS. Experience working in an agile environment. Understanding of OOP and S.O.L.I.D principles. HTML5, CSS, JavaScript. Experience with writing unit tests. Comfortable with Jira and GIT version control system. Bonus Technical Skills. Comfortable with cloud computing service (AWS preferred). Exposure with AWS, Docker Container and Microservices. Experience with GraphQL, Typescript and Redux. Experience with developing in Node.js with Restful API's. Normalised SQL database design, experience in MySQL. Some knowledge or experience in Kubernetes. Experience with one or more PHP MVC frameworks such as Laravel, Symfony, Zend&nbsp; Technical Skills Proficiency in React, TypeScript, Next.js or similar framework Experience with state management (Redux, MobX, or similar) Experience integrating with RESTful APIs and GraphQL Experience with writing unit tests. Experience with CI/CD pipelines and frontend build tools Comfortable with Jira and GIT version control systems Comfortable with cloud computing service (AWS preferred) Familiarity with Node.js and backend development. Exposure with PHP (Laravel or similar) project. Knowledge of containerization tools like Docker and orchestration platforms like Kubernetes. Personal Attributes Creativity and passion. Proven analytical and problem-solving abilities. Ability to present ideas in user-friendly language. Highly self-motivated and directed. Exceptional individual contributor earning the respect of peers. Keen attention to detail. Ability to effectively prioritise and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment. Exceptional customer service orientation. Experience working in a team-oriented, collaborative environment. Ensures a safe working environment for all. Why work for Cm3? Our diversity is our strength Through celebrating and respecting our cultural and professional diversity, our unique skill sets deliver the best solutions for our clients. It’s about getting it done, the “how” is up to you As part of the team, you are afforded the flexibility and autonomy to get the job done your way, without scrutiny or micromanagement. We are transparent and supportive Cm3’s success depends on maintaining transparency and trust in our people. We are there for our team for their personal milestones as well as in challenging times. We are proud to provide a supportive environment for young families and anyone with special needs. We are techies at heart As the world moves forward, so do we. The Cm3 roadmap is an ambitious and inspiring plan for the future of our leading contractor safety management solutions. Apply Today To express your interest in this role, please click the ‘Apply’ button below and follow the links to submit your application. To apply, you must be an Australian/New Zealand resident or able to work without restriction in Australia. As part of our recruitment process and commitment to safety, suitable candidates will be required to undertake background checks which may include a police check, a pre-employment medical assessment, drug and alcohol testing as part of your application process. Disclaimer: Cm3 does not accept unsolicited agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Cm3 promotes and adheres to the principles and practices of diversity.

Senior to Mid Level Java Developer - Permanent role: Melbourne-based&nbsp; We are currently seeking multiple Senior to Mid Level Software Developers with a focus on Backend to become integral members of our client's dynamic engineering team. This is an exciting time to join! If you are passionate about the following...&nbsp; Clean architecture Developing high-performance backend systems Working with world-leading AI platforms daily Tackling real-world challenges at scale Then this role is your chance to make a significant impact! Important bits: Location: Melbourne CBD (3&nbsp;office days per week - Non-negotiable) Salary: &nbsp;$140,000 - $160,000 base + Super (Depending on experience)&nbsp; Eligibility: Must have Full Working Rights (AU PR/Citizen) Key Criteria: Strong experience working in Java (ideally 17&amp;21 but 8 is fine too) + Springboot and experience with AWS or Azure. While ReactJS experience is advantageous, it is not mandatory An interest or prior experience working with AI tools (such as Cursor and/or Windsurf) Experience working in an AGILE/SCRUM team. Expertise across Microservices, Event-Driven Architecture, and database queries.&nbsp; API Gateways&nbsp; We are looking for Engineers with a mindset of always wanting to explore and not just take orders but happy to question things, suggest better ways of working, have a voice in the team! Why Choose This Role? Contribute to the advancement of our clients' new robust platform supporting numerous clients across Aus!&nbsp; Engage in the development of scalable Java 17 and 21/Spring Boot services within a modern cloud-native framework Lots of budget to work with cool and upcoming tools (particularly with AI)&nbsp; Influence engineering standards related to performance, security, and DevOps Collaborate with a team that prioritizes continuous learning, accountability, and technical expertise Great career opportunity for someone who is looking to work in a smaller team (yet corporate), have a bit more influence over how things will be done, but still work at Enterprise level.&nbsp; If this is you, please apply via SEEK. Please note that we are only considering applications with Full Working Rights.&nbsp; If you are not able to go in to the office 3 days per week in Melbourne CBD, please don't apply.&nbsp; For a confidential chat (Email only please): Emma.Beale@pra.com.au

Woods &amp; Co are partnering with a leading FinTech payment solutions provider to find a Software Developer with 1-4 years&rsquo; experience to join their high-performing team based in Cheltenham. You'll be working alongside experienced developers on exciting, real-world payment technology projects, gaining exposure to the full software development lifecycle in a commercial environment. What&rsquo;s in it for you? $75,000 - $90,000 + Super (depending on experience) Join a high-performing, collaborative FinTech team Hybrid work set up: days in office, 2 days from home Exposure to a wide range of technologies and real-time payments systems Autonomy to own projects and contribute from day one Melbourne-based office (Cheltenham)&nbsp; Clear career progression opportunities What You&rsquo;ll Be Doing Design, develop, and maintain scalable software systems and commercial-grade applications Manage the full development lifecycle including receiving, recording, tracking, and closing all development requests Deliver clean, efficient code aligned with agile methodologies and high-quality standards Independently and collaboratively work on both new and existing product development Assist with software testing, debugging, performance optimisation, and post-delivery support (BAU) Integrate systems and implement third-party APIs Ensure all project tasks are delivered to agreed timelines in coordination with Project Managers and stakeholders Maintain accurate documentation of all development work including design specs and usage records Proactively contribute to continuous improvements in the effectiveness and efficiency of the product suite Provide technical guidance and informal training to team members and support staff Recommend innovative technical solutions and approaches to improve development workflows Actively support the company's mission, policies, and compliance procedures, including information security and WHS standards What You&rsquo;ll Need A Diploma or Bachelor&rsquo;s Degree in Software Engineering or Computer Science (Pass or above) 1-4 years&rsquo; experience in software development, web development, or a similar technical role Proven hands-on experience with object-oriented programming (e.g. C#, Java, Python) Experience working across complex system environments with an understanding of commercial-grade software design Familiarity with front-end technologies (HTML, CSS, JavaScript), relational databases (SQL), and version control tools (e.g. Git) Strong communication, task management, and organisational skills with the ability to multi-task and prioritise effectively A proactive and solutions-focused attitude, with strong attention to detail and the ability to work both autonomously and within a team High level of personal accountability, with the ability to transfer technical knowledge and guide others Commitment to compliance, documentation standards, and continuous improvement A customer-focused mindset and the ability to handle post-deployment support and BAU operations Readiness to contribute to a dynamic, high-performing FinTech team committed to innovation and business continuity If you're a driven Software Engineer looking to take the next step in your development career within a thriving FinTech environment, get in touch with&nbsp; Annalisa &nbsp;at&nbsp; annalisa@woodsco.com.au. Woods &amp; Co Recruitment is committed to creating a diverse, inclusive workforce that values all backgrounds and experiences. We encourage applications from Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people, people from culturally and linguistically diverse backgrounds, all members and genders of the LGBTQIA+ community, and people with disability. Only shortlisted candidates will be contacted.

IT / Software Engineering Graduate Work for Business NSW State Winner Employer of Choice 2023 Work in a dynamic and innovative team focused on operational execution About HVCCC HVCCC is an independent logistics organisation that brings together talented individuals and innovative technology to optimise the end-to-end Hunter Valley coal chain. We are proud to have been awarded the Business NSW Employer of Choice in 2023 and recipient of a Best Workplace Award in 2024 for exceptional employee engagement, wellbeing and progress. The Opportunity We currently have one Graduate position within our Digital and Technology team. The Digital and Technology team are responsible for the innovative design, development and operational delivery of our systems and information to enable coal chain planning, scheduling and coordination. Our systems, hosted on Microsoft Azure, span both web and client-server applications, data warehousing and analytics, and integrate decision support to enable supply chain optimisation. This is an on-site, full-time 2-year fixed term contract role based in Newcastle NSW. About You We encourage applications from people with a wide range of experiences and backgrounds. The following knowledge, skills and experience are required for this role: You have graduated in Engineering (particularly Software Engineering), Computer Science, IT or an equivalent degree You want to be part of an agile software development team responsible for design, development and operational delivery of mission-critical cutting-edge systems used for the planning and coordination of a major domestic and export supply chain (&gt;180 Mtpa) You enjoy being part of a team and want to contribute to a positive working environment You are a curious learner who thrives in solving problems and dealing with multiple stakeholders Attention to detail is a natural talent What we offer you: A competitive salary package with genuine work-life balance A supportive and inclusive work environment that values diversity A structured and personalised development program Experience working with teams who are experts in their fields The opportunity to participate and raise funds for employee-nominated charities The opportunity to be led by accredited coaches – every one of our leaders has a Certificate IV in Workplace and Business Coaching Some of the other benefits: Salary packaging and motor vehicle novated lease packaging Modern and inclusive office facilities Employee led wellbeing initiatives Flexible work arrangements Free parking and free optional uniform available Access to subsidised gym memberships Access to EAP and paid domestic violence leave Access to professional development to further your knowledge, skills and career Please apply now with your current CV and a cover letter detailing why you would like to join our team and briefly addressing the selection criteria. Applications close: Monday 8th September 2025 Further information about our role in the Hunter Valley Coal Chain can be found at www.hvccc.com.au HVCCC is committed to creating an inclusive and respectful workplace for all employees. We welcome people with diverse skills, experiences, perspectives and backgrounds and encourage applications from Aboriginal or Torres Strait Islander peoples, and individuals who may identify as LGBTIQ, with disability, a culturally diverse background, and people of all ages. Please note that we receive many applications, and only shortlisted candidates will be contacted.

About the Role: Cox Automotive Australia is seeking a talented Software Engineer - Website &amp; Power Apps to join our dynamic Information Technology team. This hybrid role is perfect for a developer who thrives in both full stack web development and Microsoft Power Platform environments. You'll be instrumental in modernising our digital landscape-enhancing the Manheim website , building internal Power Apps , and delivering impactful solutions that improve business performance across Sales and Operations. Key Responsibilities: Develop high-quality, maintainable code for web and Power Platform applications. Lead end-to-end solution delivery including documentation and user training. Collaborate with cross-functional teams to design user-friendly, accessible applications. Participate in peer code reviews and contribute to continuous improvement. Troubleshoot, debug, and optimize existing systems. Build and configure Power Apps, Power Automate, Power Pages, and Dataverse solutions. Integrate systems and data flows across platforms including Snowflake and SAP. Provide accurate time and effort estimates for project planning. Maintain and enhance applications post-deployment based on user feedback. What You'll BringTo Our Team: Degree in IT or Software Engineering. Proven experience in commercial software development environments. Strong skills in C#, ASP.NET, PHP, SQL, Entity Framework and MVC architecture. Experience with version control systems (eg. Git). Front- end skills on HTML, JavaScript, CSS, and jquery. Expertise in Power Platform tools: Power Apps, Power Pages, Power Automate, Power Pipelines. Familiarity with Dataverse, Liquid Framework, and WCAG compliance. Excellent communication, analytical, and decision-making skills. Our Benefits: Our team members have spoken, and we are officially certified as a Great Place to Work. We offer training and development opportunities such as LinkedIn Learning, Pluralsight, Employee Resource Groups and many more. Our Benefits offerings include Birthday Leave, Volunteering Leave, Service Awards, access to a retail discount platform, and discounted private health care, just to name a few. Employee Assistance Program (EAP) - EAP is a professional service that is voluntary, confidential and free of charge to all team members and their immediate family members and dependents 24/7. Find more benefits at Careers - Cox Automotive We offer a collaborative team environment where you can thrive, grow and make a meaningful impact. If you are looking for a fun, challenging and rewarding opportunity to build your career, apply now and make your mark! Ready to Apply? If you're passionate about building modern digital solutions and want to make a real impact, please apply and Mark Your Mark at Cox Automotive! Cox is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer - All qualified applicants/employees will receive consideration for employment without regard to that individual's age, race, color, religion or creed, national origin or ancestry, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, physical or mental disability, veteran status, genetic information, ethnicity, citizenship, or any other characteristic protected by law. All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines. Any information you provide will be kept confidential and inline with federal and state privacy laws, and will not affect your application.

Are you passionate about turning cutting-edge computer vision and AI research into delightful, reliable products?&nbsp; Prooftec is&nbsp;seeking a Senior Software/System Engineer to join the team to&nbsp;build next-generation solutions that empower our customers with clear, evidence-based insights into vehicle conditions to streamline workflows and minimise disputes. Our tech stack covers image acquisition (Swift/Java), analysis (Python/OpenCV/Torch/Tensorflow), and results presentation (ReactJS TypeScript), all integrated with AWS cloud. Why You’ll Love Working With Us: Intellectually stimulating environment. You’ll be working with 3 PhDs in computer vision and machine learning, as well as experts in product and UX. Opportunity to grow with the company, and influence our technology direction. Benefits of ProofTec’s parent/sister companies, including office/facilities, employee benefits and events, in a truly inclusive working environment. Key Duties &amp; Responsibilities: Making a place where our users happily interact with imagery, metadata and AI results, connecting an innovative front-end to cloud system. Design and implement robust systems and data architectures which cover the AI processing pipeline from data acquisition, via analysis, to results presentation, as well as supporting tools. Engage in hands-on coding, troubleshooting, and debugging to ensure efficient, high-quality delivery of projects. Work closely with technical and non-technical stakeholders, translating business needs into technical requirements. Provide support for bugs and outages, both analysis for task allocation and hands-on solving. Mentor junior developers and other team members.&nbsp; Integrating with the systems and platforms of our partners and customers. About You: 5+ years experience in relevant engineering/development roles. You can design cross-component system and data architectures and hands-on implement them. You may have some special skills, but with your fundamental understanding of software engineering, you’re not afraid to jump into a new framework or language. You can communicate well with specialists in the team as well as other stakeholders, and you switch easily between big picture and detail. Your experience overlaps with our tech stack, and for the missing parts you’re willing to fill the gap. Affinity with probabilistic systems, preferably computer vision, and curiosity to take advantage of new technologies. Startup attitude: flexible and trade off risk/reward, team player, good communication skills, bright mind. You need to have Australian working rights.&nbsp; We appreciate your interest, but please understand due to high application volumes, we have to make the first part of the selection process somewhat impersonal, and we can't comment on the status of individual applications. We are aware of IT outsourcing opportunities, but this role is internal, in our office. We will not accept applications through recruiters, candidates have to apply with us directly.

Job description: Software Engineer (Web &amp; AI) Full-time, 12-month contract with potential to extend Work alongside world leaders in hearing research Based at Macquarie University (hybrid working arrangements) Your opportunity As a Software Engineer, you'll play a key role in developing innovative digital tools that support people with hearing loss. Joining the Signal Processing department, your primary focus will be to build and refine full-stack applications while also implementing cutting-edge AI techniques - including Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG) - into hearing health tech products. This is a great opportunity to apply and further develop your skills in web development and applied AI, while contributing to meaningful technology with real-world impact. Key responsibilities include the following: Design, develop, and maintain full-stack applications using React and Node.js Implement AI features, including Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG) pipelines to enhance interactivity and personalisation in our tools. Collaborate on feature development, contributing to the development of backend services and frontend components. Deliver high-quality web and mobile applications across smart technology and product development portfolios. Participate in the full product lifecycle, from requirements gathering and design to testing and deployment. Collaborate with cross-functional teams, sharing expertise and learning from others to drive innovation. Maintain and improve existing software products, ensuring security, reliability, and adaptability to evolving technologies What you'll bring : Proven experience developing full-stack web applications using React (frontend) and Node.js (backend). Hands-on experience implementing AI frameworks, particularly Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG) pipelines and integrating AI technologies, ideally using OpenAI GPT, in production environments. Strong knowledge of MongoDB; familiarity with PostgreSQL is a plus. Experience deploying applications using Azure; exposure to Google Firebase or AWS is beneficial. Solid understanding of Git version control, software documentation, and testing best practices. Excellent communication, time management, and problem-solving skills. Willingness to learn with a genuine interest in AI and cloud services, and emerging technologies. Detail-oriented and collaborative team player. Why work at NAL? The National Acoustic Laboratories (NAL) is a world leader in hearing research and evidence-based innovation, dedicated to improving hearing health and transforming the lives of people with hearing difficulties. As the research division of Hearing Australia, NAL collaborates with organisations around the world to develop cutting-edge solutions in hearing health services and technology. At NAL, you'll be part of a multidisciplinary team translating research into real-world solutions. You'll work alongside researchers, clinicians, and engineers in a supportive, purpose-driven environment, where your code can directly contribute to improving people's lives. Our work is shared through academic and professional publications, adopted by industry, and informed by the needs of both people with hearing loss and the clinicians who support them. What does that mean for you? You'll also enjoy a range of beneﬁts, including: 15.4% Superannuation Attractive employee benefits (salary sacrifice superannuation, HCF private health cover discount, well-being programs, salary packaging, discounts across an exciting range of retailers) Visit www.nal.gov.au to discover more! Let's create the gold standard of hearing care We will require the successful candidate to be willing to have a Police Check conducted (we pay), a current driver's licence and must have rights to work in Australia. Hearing Australia is an Equal Opportunity Employer and embraces diversity, equity and inclusion. We are passionate about building a diverse and inclusive culture from within. We encourage Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples and applicants from different cultures who are bilingual to apply. We are committed to facilitating a barrier-free recruitment process and work environment. If you require any accommodations, we welcome you to let us know so we can work with you to participate fully in our recruitment experience.

Company Overview Facere is at the forefront of integrating AI capabilities into the healthcare industry. Our mission is to streamline operational inefficiencies and enhance patient outcomes by automating the tedious administrative work that healthcare staff face daily. About the Role We are seeking experienced Software Engineers to build products, backend systems, and infrastructure. You will own and deliver entire features or projects end-to-end and be foundational to the culture we build at Facere. You will thrive in this role if: You are passionate about building products and delivering elegant user experiences You are excited to join a startup and ready to contribute to cutting-edge innovation You have strong computer science and software engineering fundamentals You have at least 3 years of commercial experience building products or backends with Java, Kotlin, Spring Boot, and PostgreSQL You have excellent spoken and written communication skills You value in-person collaboration with your team Key Responsibilities Design, develop, and maintain scalable backend systems and APIs. Build and own features end-to-end — from concept, design, implementation, to deployment and maintenance. Collaborate closely with product managers, designers, and other engineers to deliver user-focused solutions. Write clean, efficient, and well-tested code. Optimise application performance, reliability, and scalability. Participate in code reviews and provide constructive feedback. Contribute to architectural decisions and technical direction of the product. Support continuous improvement by identifying opportunities for innovation and process enhancements. Troubleshoot and resolve production issues as they arise. Help foster a collaborative, high-performing engineering culture.

About the Role We’re hiring a Senior Software Engineer to join the team responsible for Criteria’s candidate-facing web apps, including the platform that delivers our psychometric assessments. This role is hands-on across front-end and back-end systems and includes working on infrastructure and deployment. You’ll work in a small, experienced team that partners closely with our Product group and internal psychologists. The environment is collaborative, with shared code ownership and a focus on reliable delivery. Tech Stack Frontend: HTML, CSS, TypeScript, JavaScript (React) Backend: Node.js, TypeScript Infra: AWS Lambda, DynamoDB, CloudWatch What You’ll Do Build and maintain end-to-end features across the web stack Write clean, testable code for both UI and backend systems Support and improve infrastructure and monitoring Contribute to planning and technical direction Provide guidance and mentoring to junior team members What We’re Looking For Strong full stack experience with TypeScript / JavaScript Practical understanding of web fundamentals and modern tooling Experience with cloud-based development, ideally AWS serverless Comfortable working in a team that owns delivery and production support Focused on writing maintainable, tested code Nice to Have Experience with React Familiarity with Lambda, DynamoDB, CloudFormation Exposure to multiple programming languages Willingness to explore and prototype technical ideas We offer flexible hybrid working and a straightforward, collaborative environment. This role suits someone who wants to build useful software with clear impact—without unnecessary distractions or red tape. Apply now if you’re ready to work on meaningful systems with a team that values practical, reliable engineering.

Would you like to join a growing tech company making global moves? Consolidated Tenders is a proudly owned and operated South Australian company specialising in procurement marketplace solutions that drive success for businesses and governments within Australia and internationally. We’re a small, driven team powering whole-of-government procurement across multiple Australian jurisdictions, now days away from launching with our first international client. We’re looking for a mid-level developer ready to contribute, grow and help us push boundaries. If you're a problem solver who thrives in a collaborative, fast-paced environment, let’s talk! We value open conversation, initiative and fresh ideas. If you enjoy collaborating, sharing ideas, taking ownership, and adding spark to your work, this role is for you. There’s plenty of room to grow; whether through mentoring, technical leadership, or project ownership as your experience builds. What You’ll Do: Design, develop, and deploy scalable, high-quality software solutions. Collaborate and engage with a high-performing team across diverse projects—from web applications &amp; system integrations to NLP, machine learning, and micro services. Work directly with users, including government and business clients, to streamline and modernise procurement processes and influence features used by thousands daily. Mentor junior staff and help build a strong engineering culture. Contribute ideas, challenge assumptions, and help drive innovation. What We’re Looking For: 3+ years of experience in a similar role, with a degree in IT, Computer Science, Software Engineering, or related field, demonstrating a solid understanding of software development principles and agile methodologies. Proficiency in one or more programming languages (e.g., Java, C#, .NET). Familiarity with Front end web development (HTML5 / CSS / JavaScript / jQuery / Bootstrap / React) An understanding of Database development (SQL Server / MySQL) Strong communication and problem-solving skills, with an open and proactive mindset suited to fast-paced environments. Must have the right to work in Australia. What We Offer: A supportive and inclusive team culture that values your voice. Opportunities to work on meaningful projects that make a real impact. Professional development and pathways to career growth. Competitive salary and benefits. This is a full time on-site role, but we can be flexible for occasions when life demands it. How to Apply: Submit your resume (no more than 2 pages) and a cover letter.

We’re looking for a talented Full Stack Developer to join our dynamic team at Pathify to help build cutting-edge web applications. This is a full-time position, working from home but limited to Australian workspace. The Role As a Full Stack Developer, you’ll work on both front-end and back-end development, creating scalable and user-friendly applications, using Django and Angular. You’ll collaborate with cross-functional teams to design, develop, and maintain high-quality software solutions. What you'll be doing Working from your preferred location in Australia, design, develop, and implement robust and scalable software applications Collaborate with our dedicated Product team to define technical specifications and deliver high-quality code Participate in the software development life cycle, including coding, testing, debugging, and deployment Continuously research and learn new technologies to enhance the company's technical capabilities Contribute to the improvement and maintenance of our existing codebase What We’re Looking For: At least 3 years of experience in building web applications: both backend and frontend. Proficiency in Python and Django . If you are really good with any other Python web framework, talk to us. Expertise with a frontend framework and modern front-end tools. Angular knowledge is strongly preferred. Experience with developing RESTful APIs. DRF knowledge is strongly preferred. Solid understanding of data structures, algorithms, and software design patterns Experience with databases. Preferably PostgreSQL Experience with Git Excellent problem-solving, analytical, and critical-thinking skills Strong communication and collaboration abilities Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or related field (or equivalent practical experience) Must have unrestricted work rights in Australia What we offer Competitive salary Flexible work arrangements and a supportive work culture - we hire adults, and expect that you'll get your work done in a mutually respectful environment Collaborative and dynamic team environment. We mean it. Opportunity for growth - at Pathify we use broad spectrum of cutting edge technologies. You'll have an opportunity to learn a lot and fast. About us Pathify sells the best engagement hub in the world. This is a system which provides a perfectly equivalent mobile and browser experience for students, staff and administrators in higher education. We prize security and accessibility and consolidate information and functionality from over one hundred backend systems to our single user experience.

The Company: Johns Lyng Group has been established since 1953 and has a reputation for excellence. Underpinning the company&rsquo;s success is our in-house Software team in which an opportunity now exists for a motivated and enthusiastic Software Developer. Based in our head office in Doncaster, the key focus of this role is to deliver software systems developments across a broad range of business units. The Role: Working in a dynamic team of experienced developers in Doncaster this role will best suit a self-motivated, adaptable and flexible individual who is willing to challenge, be challenged and continually learn. Excellent communication skills and strong attention to detail, along with problem solving, analytical and organisational skills are essential. &nbsp; &nbsp; Key Duties &amp; Responsibilities: Develop and support business software suites for multiple business units across the full software development lifecycle. Work closely with senior developers providing input into system design and development implementation. Key Selection Criteria: Commercial experience in .NET web development technologies and Microsoft application development frameworks Understanding and a demonstrated desire to learn different modern software architectures. Commercial experience with JavaScript, jQuery and AngularJS. Experience with CSS3, specifically responsive design and mobile device websites. Strong knowledge of relational databases, specifically SQL Server. Strong SQL syntax and database design skills. Understanding of software configuration management processes and tools (such as TFS). Familiarity with Object Relational Mapping, LINQ and associated patterns. Please note: A criminal background check and written assignment will make up part of the recruitment process.

About Codafication At Codafication we are pioneering new ways to make the world simpler. We are an award-winning, Fortitude Valley based tech scale-up that provide elegant digital transformation solutions to leading and global brands in Insurance, Construction, Financial Services and more. We are dedicated to helping businesses modernise their processes to save time, cut costs, and create better customer outcomes. Check us out at Codafication.com *NOTE: We do not offer visa sponsorship for this role. * About the Role As a Software Engineer, you will contribute to developing, maintaining, and improving Codafication’s core product range: Crunchwork, Unity Cloud and Virtual Assist, with a key focus on simplifying the user experience. You will work on optimising our software offerings for efficiency, speed and scalability. We use and love the following technologies (Docker, Kubernetes, AWS, Azure, Typescript, Node.js, React.js/Mobx, GraphQL, Git). If you have prior experience – that's great; otherwise we’re happy for you to learn on the job. Your day-to-day duties will include: Actively participating in the following SCRUM ceremonies Providing ongoing design, maintenance, support and enhancement for existing Codafication systems Enhancing applications by identifying issues and common patterns, and formulating recommendations for improvement Participating in regular code reviews, providing constructive feedback to peers and ensuring adherence to best practices and coding standards Working closely with other engineers, designers, and product managers in a collaborative environment to ensure the successful delivery of projects Updating specification, documentation, and code repositories so that controls are in place to prevent loss of intellectual property Presenting new features to external and internal stakeholders as required Ensuring all costs are maintained during a project and that no losses are incurred outside of your control About you As our successful candidate, you will demonstrate: 2-3 years of post-qualification work experience Excellent written and verbal skills Goal driven with strong time management skills Enjoy tackling complex problems and thrive when working autonomously in fast paced environments Passion for learning new technologies and sharing your experiences High level attention to detail Relevant bachelor degree (advantageous) Life at Coda Brand new Fortitude Valley Office bordering James Street Precinct Quarterly Staff functions - Celebrate our success as a team Be recognised and rewarded for your achievements Revitalise Days + Volunteer Leave giving you up to 3 extra leave days a year to do what you love Regular 1-2-1 time with your leader to accelerate your career Genuine career progression with dedicated learning time each month and access to our L&amp;D platform Hybrid working environment to promote genuine work-life balance *NOTE * We kindly request that recruiters and agencies refrain from contacting us regarding this job posting, as applications from recruiters will not be accepted. We appreciate your understanding. This is a hybrid opportunity, with minimum weekly office days at our Fortitude Valley HQ. If you want to be part of a winning team and this role suits you to a tee, I would love to hear from you. We do have an immediate start available however happy to wait for the right person given notice periods.

